. A soft, moist, shapeless mass or matter.
. A magazine or book containing lurid subject matter and
being characteristically printed on rough, unfinished paper.
American Heritage Dictionary: New College Edition
A normal Denny's, Spires-like coffee shop in Los Angeles.
It's about : in the morning. While the place isn't jammed,
there's a healthy number of people drinking coffee, munching
Two of these people are a YOUNG MAN and a YOUNG WOMAN. The
Young Man has a slight working-class English accent and,
like his fellow countryman, smokes cigarettes like they're
It is impossible to tell where the Young Woman is from or
how old she is; everything she does contradicts something
she did. The boy and girl sit in a booth. Their dialogue is
to be said in a rapid pace "HIS GIRL FRIDAY" fashion.
No, forget it, it's too risky. I'm
You always say that, the same thing
every time: never again, I'm through,
I know that's what I always say. I'm
but you forget about it in a day
yeah, well, the days of me
forgittin' are over, and the days of
When you go on like this, you know
I sound like a sensible fucking man,
Well take heart, 'cause you're never
gonna hafta hear it again. Because
since I'm never gonna do it again,
you're never gonna hafta hear me
quack about how I'm never gonna do
The boy and girl laugh, their laughter putting a pause in
Correct. I got all tonight to quack.
A WAITRESS comes by with a pot of coffee.
Can I get anybody anymore coffee?
The Waitress pours the Young Woman's coffee. The Young Man
The Waitress leaves. The Young Man takes a drag off of his
The Young Woman pours a ton of cream and sugar into her
The Young Man goes right back into it.
I mean the way it is now, you're
takin' the same fuckin' risk as when
you rob a bank. You take more of a
banks aren't supposed to stop you
insured, why should they care? You
don't even need a gun in a federal
bank. I heard about this guy, walked
into a federal bank with a portable
phone, handed the phone to the teller,
the guy on the other end of the phone
said: "We got this guy's little girl,
and if you don't give him all your
Fuckin' A it worked, that's what I'm
a bank with a telephone, not a pistol,
not a shotgun, but a fuckin' phone,
cleans the place out, and they don't
Did they hurt the little girl?
I don't know. There probably never
was a little girl  the point of the
story isn't the little girl. The
point of the story is they robbed
I'm not sayin' I wanna rob banks,
I'm just illustrating that if we
did, it would be easier than what we
So you don't want to be a bank robber?
Naw, all those guys are goin' down
the same road, either dead or servin'
What have we been talking about?
it ain't the giggle it usta be. Too
fuckin' speak English. You tell 'em:
"Empty out the register," and they
don't know what it fuckin' means.
They make it too personal. We keep
on, one of those gook motherfuckers'
I don't wanna kill anybody either.
But they'll probably put us in a
situation where it's us of them. And
if it's not the gooks, it these old
Jews who've owned the store for
counter with a fuckin' Magnum. Try
walkin' into one of those stores
with nothin' but a telephone, see
how far it gets you. Fuck it, forget
Well, what else is there, day jobs?
The Waitress comes by, pouring him some more.
What's wrong with that? People never
rob restaurants, why not? Bars, liquor
stores, gas stations, you get your
head blown off stickin' up one of
them. Restaurants, on the other hand,
you catch with their pants down.
They're not expecting to get robbed,
I bet in places like this you could
cut down on the hero factor.
Correct. Just like banks, these places
are insured. The managers don't give
a fuck, they're just tryin' to get
ya out the door before you start
it, they ain't takin' a bullet for
gettin' paid a dollar fifty a hour
gonna really give a fuck you're
are sittin' there with food in their
mouths, they don't know what's goin'
on. One minute they're havin' a Denver
stickin' a gun in their face.
The Young Woman visibly takes in the idea. The Young Man
See, I got the idea last liquor store
we stuck up. 'Member all those
Then you got the idea to take
We made more from the wallets then
A lot of people go to restaurants.
The Young Woman scans the restaurant with this new
She sees all the PATRONS eating, lost in conversations. The
tired WAITRESS, taking orders. The BUSBOYS going through the
motions, collecting dishes. The MANAGER complaining to the
COOK about something. A smiles breaks out on the Young Woman's
I'm ready, let's go, right here,
crowd control, I handle the employees.
They both take out their .-caliber pistols and lay them on
the table. He looks at her and she back at him.
And with that, Pumpkin and Honey Bunny grab their weapons,
stand up and rob the restaurant. Pumpkin's robbery persona
is that of the in-control professional. Honey Bunny's is
that of the psychopathic, hair-triggered, loose cannon.
Everybody be cool this is a robbery!
Any of you fuckin' pricks move and
I'll execute every one of you
An old gas guzzling, dirty, white  Chevy Nova BARRELS
down a homeless-ridden street in Hollywood. In the front
seat are two young fellas  one white, one black  both
wearing cheap black suits with thin black ties under long
green dusters. Their names are VINCENT VEGA  and JULES
WINNFIELD . Jules is behind the wheel.
Okay now, tell me about the hash
What so you want to know?
Well, hash is legal there, right?
Yeah, it's legal, but is ain't a
hundred percent legal. I mean you
can't walk into a restaurant, roll a
joint, and start puffin' away. You're
only supposed to smoke in your home
Yeah, it breaks down like this: it's
legal to buy it, it's legal to own
it and, if you're the proprietor of
a hash bar, it's legal to sell it.
It's legal to carry it, which doesn't
really matter 'cause  get a load of
this  if the cops stop you, it's
illegal for this to search you.
Searching you is a right that the
That did it, man  I'm fuckin' goin',
that's all there is to it.
You'll dig it the most. But you know
what the funniest thing about Europe
It's the little differences. A lotta
the same shit we got here, they got
there, but there they're a little
Well, in Amsterdam, you can buy beer
in a movie theatre. And I don't mean
in a paper cup either. They give you
a glass of beer, like in a bar. In
Paris, you can buy beer at
they call a Quarter Pounder with
They don't call it a Quarter Pounder
No, they got the metric system there,
they wouldn't know what the fuck a
Royale with Cheese. What'd they call
Big Mac's a Big Mac, but they call
Le Big Mac. What do they call a
I dunno, I didn't go into a Burger
King.  But you know what they put on
french fries in Holland instead of
I seen 'em do it. And I don't mean a
little bit on the side of the plate,
they fuckin' drown 'em in it.
The trunk of the Chevy OPENS UP, Jules and Vincent reach
inside, taking out two . Automatics, loading and cocking
We should have shotguns for this
So there could be five guys up there?
Vincent and Jules, their long matching overcoats practically
dragging on the ground, walk through the courtyard of what
looks like a hacienda-style Hollywood apartment building.
How did Marsellus and her meet?
I dunno, however people meet people.
She ever do anything I woulda saw?
I think her biggest deal was she
Well, you know the shows on TV?
Yes, but you're aware that there's
on that invention they show shows?
Well, the way they pick the shows on
TV is they make one show, and that
show's called a pilot. And they show
that one show to the people who pick
the shows, and on the strength of
that one show, they decide if they
want to make more shows. Some get
accepted and become TV programs, and
some don't, and become nothing. She
starred in one of the ones that became
Vincent and Jules walk through the reception area and wait
I wouldn't go so far as to call the
brother fat. He's got a weight
I think I know who you mean, what
Well, Marsellus fucked his ass up
good.  And word around the campfire,
it was on account of Marsellus
The elevator arrives, the men step inside.
No no no no no no no, nothin' that
He gave her a foot massage.
Sent a couple of guys over to his
place.  They took him out on the
patio of his apartment, threw his
ass over the balcony.  Nigger fell
four stories. They had this garden
at the bottom, enclosed in glass,
like one of them greenhouses  nigger
fell through that. Since then, he's
The elevator doors open, Jules and Vincent exit.
STEADICAM in front of Jules and Vincent as they make a beeline
Still I hafta say, play with matches,
Wallace's new bride a foot massage.
Marsellus to react like he did, but
he had to expect a reaction.
It was a foot massage, a foot massage
is nothing, I give my mother a foot
Wallace's new wife in a familiar
way. Is it as bad as eatin' her out
no, but you're in the same fuckin'
there.  Eatin' a bitch out, and givin'
a bitch a foot massage ain't even
Not the same thing, the same ballpark.
It ain't no ballpark either. Look
maybe your method of massage differs
from mine, but touchin' his lady's
feet, and stickin' your tongue in
her holyiest of holyies, ain't the
same ballpark, ain't the same league,
ain't even the same fuckin' sport.
Have you ever given a foot massage?
Don't be tellin' me about foot
Shit yeah. I got my technique down
man, I don't tickle or nothin'.
Have you ever given a guy a foot
Jules looks at him a long moment  he's been set up.
He starts walking down the hall.  Vincent, smiling, walks a
Would you give me a foot massage
Man, you best back off, I'm gittin'
The two men stand in front of the door numbered "." They
It ain't quite time, let's hang back.
They move a little away from the door, facing each other,
Look, just because I wouldn't give
no man a foot massage, don't make it
right for Marsellus to throw Antwan
off a building into a glass-
way the nigger talks. That ain't
right, man. Motherfucker do that to
me, he better paralyze my ass, 'cause
I'm not sayin' he was right, but
you're sayin' a foot massage don't
mean nothing, and I'm sayin' it does.
I've given a million ladies a million
foot massages and they all meant
somethin'. We act like they don't,
but they do. That's what's so fuckin'
cool about 'em. This sensual thing's
goin' on that nobody's talkin about,
but you know it and she knows it,
fuckin' Marsellus knew it, and Antwan
his fuckin' wife, man. He ain't gonna
have a sense of humor about that
Mia. Why you so interested in big
Well, Marsellus is leavin' for Florida
and when he's gone, he wants me to
Making a gun out of his finger and placing it to his head.
Not that! Take her out. Show her a
good time. Don't let her get lonely.
You're gonna be takin' Mia Wallace
It ain't a date. It's like when you
and your buddy's wife go to a movie
or somethin'. It's just... you know...
THREE YOUNG GUYS, obviously in over their heads, sit at a
table with hamburgers, french fries and soda pops laid out.
One of them flips the LOUD BOLT on the door, opening it to
REVEAL Jules and Vincent in the hallway.
The three young caught-off-guard Guys are:
MARVIN, the black young man, who open the door, will, as the
scene progresses, back into the corner.
ROGER, a young blond-haired surfer kid with a "Flock of
Seagulls" haircut, who has yet to say a word, sits at the
table with a big sloppy hamburger in his hand.
BRETT, a white, preppy-looking sort with a blow-dry haircut.
Vincent and Jules take in the place, with their hands in
their pockets. Jules is the one who does the talking.
Am I trippin', or did I just ask you
As Jules and Brett talk, Vincent moves behind the young Guys.
Do you know who we are?
Now I'm gonna take a wild guess here:
I thought so. Well, you remember
Good for you. Looks like me and
No, I mean where did you get'em?
Hawaiian burger joint. I heard they
got some tasty burgers. I ain't never
had one myself, how are they?
Mind if I try one of yours?
Jules grabs the burger and take a bite of it.
Vince, you ever try a Big Kahuna
Jules holds out the Big Kahuna.
You wanna bite, they're real good.
Well, if you like hamburgers give
'em a try sometime. Me, I can't
usually eat 'em 'cause my girlfriend's
a vegetarian. Which more or less
makes me a vegetarian, but I sure
love the taste of a good burger.
You know what they call a Quarter
Royale with Cheese, you know why
Check out the big brain on Brett.
Sprite, good, mind if I have some of
your tasty beverage to wash this
Jules grabs the cup and takes a sip.
You, Flock of Seagulls, you know
Then why don't you tell my boy here
Vince, where you got the shit hid.
I don't remember askin' you a
Vincent moves to the bed, reaches underneath it, pulling out
Vincent flips the two locks, opening the case. We can't see
what's inside, but a small glow emits from the case. Vincent
No answer from the transfixed Vincent.
Look, what's your name? I got his
My name's Pitt, and you ain't talkin'
I just want you to know how sorry we
are about how fucked up things got
between us and Mr. Wallace. When we
entered into this thing, we only had
As Brett talks, Jules takes out his gun and SHOOTS Roger
three times in the chest, BLOWING him out of his chair.
Vince smiles to himself. Jules has got style.
Brett has just shit his pants. He's not crying or whimpering,
but he's so full of fear, it's as if his body is imploding.
Oh, I'm sorry. Did that break your
concentration? I didn't mean to do
you were saying something about "best
anyway.  Well, let me retort. Would
you describe for me what Marsellus
Jules SNAPS, SAVAGELY TIPPING the card table over, removing
the only barrier between himself and Brett. Brett now sits
in a lone chair before Jules like a political prisoner in
"What" ain't no country I know! Do
Then you understand what I'm sayin'?
Jules takes his . and PRESSES the barrel HARD in Brett's
Say "What" again! C'mon, say "What"
again!  I dare ya, I double dare ya
Brett is regressing on the spot.
Now describe to me what Marsellus
does he look like a bitch?!
Jules' eyes go to Vincent, Vincent smirks, Jules rolls his
eyes and SHOOT Brett in the shoulder.
Brett SCREAMS, breaking into a SHAKING/TREMBLING SPASM in
Then why did you try to fuck 'im
Yes ya did Brett. Ya tried ta fuck
'im.  You ever read the Bible, Brett?
There's a passage I got memorized,
Ezekiel :. "The path of the
righteous man is beset on all sides
by the inequities of the selfish and
the tyranny of evil men.  Blessed is
he who, in the name of charity and
good will, shepherds the weak through
the valley of darkness, for he is
truly his brother's keeper and the
finder of lost children. And I will
strike down upon thee with great
who attempt to poison and destroy my
brothers. And you will know my name
is the Lord when I lay my vengeance
The two men EMPTY their guns at the same time on the sitting
We FADE UP on BUTCH COOLIDGE, a white, -year-old
prizefighter.  Butch sits at a table wearing a red and blue
high school athletic jacket. Talking to him OFF SCREEN is
everybody's boss MARSELLUS WALLACE. The black man sounds
like a cross between a gangster and a king.
I think you're gonna find  when all
this shit is over and done  I think
you're gonna find yourself one smilin'
now you got ability. But painful as
it may be, ability don't last. Now
that's a hard motherfuckin' fact of
life, but it's a fact of life your
ass is gonna hafta git realistic
about. This business is filled to
aged like wine.  Besides, even if
you went all the way, what would you
world. Who gives a shit? I doubt you
can even get a credit card based on
A hand lays an envelope full of money on the table in front
of Butch. Butch picks it up.
Now the night of the fight, you may
fell a slight sting, that's pride
fuckin' wit ya.  Fuck pride! Pride
only hurts, it never helps. Fight
through that shit. 'Cause a year
from now, when you're kickin' it in
I got no problem with that.
In the fifth, your ass goes down.
In the fifth, my ass goes down.
Vincent Vega looks really cool behind the wheel of a 
cherry red Chevy Malibu convertible. From the car radio,
ROCKABILLY MUSIC PLAYS. The b.g. is a COLORFUL PROCESS SHOT.
Sally LeRoy's is a large topless bar by LAX that Marsellus
Vincent's classic Malibu WHIPS into the near empty parking
lot and parks next to a white Honda Civic.
Vince knocks on the door. The front entrance is unlocked,
revealing the Dapper Dan fellow on the inside: ENGLISH DAVE.
Dave isn't really English, he's a young black man from Baldwin
Park, who has run a few clubs for Marsellus, including Sally
Vincent Vega, our man in Amsterdam,
git your ass on in here.
Vincent, carrying the black briefcase from the scene between
Vincent and Jules, steps inside. English Dave SLAMS the door
The spacious club is empty this time of day. English Dave
crosses to the bar, and Vince follows.
He's over there, finishing up some
VINCENT'S POV: Butch shakes hands with a huge figure with
his back to us. The huge figure is the infamous and as of
Hang back for a second or two, and
when you see the white boy leave, go
on over.  In the meanwhile, can I
How 'bout a cup of just plain lo'
Comin' up. I hear you're taking Mia
Look, I'm not a idiot. She's the big
man's fuckin' wife. I'm gonna sit
across a table, chew my food with my
mouth closed, laugh at her jokes and
English Dave puts Vince's coffee in front of him.
My name's Paul, and this is between
Butch bellies up to the bar next to Vincent, drinking his
Can I get a pack'a Red Apples?
While Butch waits for his smokes, Vincent just sips his
coffee, staring at him. Butch looks over at him.
Butch does a slow turn toward Vincent.
I think ya heard me just fine, punchy.
Butch turns his body to Vincent, when...
Vincent Vega has entered the building,
Vincent walks forward OUT OF FRAME, never giving Butch another
glance. We DOLLY INTO CU on Butch, left alone in the FRAME,
looking like he's ready to go into the manners-teaching
BUTCH'S POV: Vincent hugging and kissing the obscured figure
Butch makes the wise decision that is this asshole's a friend
of Marsellus, he better let it go  for now.
Butch is snapped out of his ass-kicking thoughts. He pays
English Dave and walks out of the SHOT.
A woman who appears to have a fondness for earrings. Both of
her ears are pierced five times. She also sports rings in
...I'll lend it to you. It's a great
Jody, Vincent and a young woman named TRUDI sit at the kitchen
table of a suburban house in Echo Park. Even though Vince is
at the same table, he's not included in the conversation.
You know how they use that gun when
they pierce your ears? They don't
use that when they pierce your
Forget that gun. That gun goes against
the entire idea behind piercing. All
of my piercing, sixteen places on my
body, every one of 'em done with a
needle. Five in each ear. One through
the nipple on my left breast. One
through my right nostril.  One through
my left eyebrow. One through my lip.
One in my clit. And I wear a stud in
Vince has been letting this conversation go through one ear
and out the other, until that last remark.
Excuse me, sorry to interrupt. I'm
curious, why would you get a stud in
Jody looks at him and says as if it were the most obvious
It's a sex thing. It helps fellatio.
That thought never occurred to Vincent, but he can't deny it
makes sense. Jody continues talking to Trudi, leaving Vincent
to ponder the truth of her statement.
Vince, you can come in now!
Lance, late s, is a young man with a wild and woolly
appearance that goes hand-in-hand with his wild and woolly
personality. LANCE has been selling drugs his entire adult
life. He's never had a day job, never filed a tax return and
has never been arrested. He wears a red flannel shirt over a
Three bags of heroin lie on Lance's bed.
Lance and Vincent stand at the foot of the bed.
Now this is Panda, from Mexico. Very
good stuff. This is Bava, different,
but equally good. And this is Choco
from the Hartz Mountains of Germany.
Now the first two are the same, forty-
five an ounce  those are friend
...this one's a little more expensive.
It's fifty-five. But when you shoot
it, you'll know where that extra
money went.  Nothing wrong with the
first two. It's real, real, real,
good shit. But this one's a fuckin'
Remember, I just got back from
Am I a nigger? Are you in Inglewood?
No.  You're in my house. White people
who know the difference between good
shit and bad shit, this is the house
they come to. My shit, I'll take the
any ol' day of the fuckin' week.
This ain't Amsterdam, Vince. This is
a seller's market. Coke is fuckin'
dead as disco. Heroin's comin' back
in a big fuckin' way. It's this whole
Vincent takes out a roll of money that would choke a horse
Give me three hundred worth of the
madman.  If it's as good as you say,
I'll be back for a thousand.
I just hope I still have it. Whaddya
think of Trudi? She ain't got a
boyfriend, wanna hand out an' get
Which one's Trudi? The one with all
No, that's Jody. That's my wife.
Vincent and Lance giggle at the "faux pas."
I'm on my way somewhere. I got a
Vincent takes out his case of the works (utensils for shooting
You don't mind if I shoot up here?
Vincent takes his works out of his case and, as the two
continue to talk, Vince shoots up.
You know what some fucker did to it
Tell me about it. I had the goddamn
thing in storage three years. It's
out five fuckin' days  five days,
and some dickless piece of shit fucks
They should be fuckin' killed. No
trial, no jury, straight to execution.
I just wish I caught 'em doin' it,
ya know?  Oh man, I'd give anything
to catch 'em doin' it. It'a been
worth his doin' it, if I coulda just
caught 'em, you know what I mean?
It's chicken shit. You don't fuck
Spurting back into the syringe, mixing with the heroin.
Vincent walks toward the house and pulls a note off the door
"Hi Vincent, I'm getting dressed. The door's open. Come inside
and make yourself a drink.  Mia"
The door's open. Come inside and
MIA, Marcellus' beautiful young wife. Video screens are in
the background. Dusty Springfield is singing "SON OF A
Mia's mouth comes toward a microphone.
It's on the wall by the two African
Vincent finds the intercom on the wall.
Push the button if you want to talk.
Go make yourself a drink., and I'll
be down in two shakes of a lamb's
A video screen with an image of Vincent, walking. The Dusty
Mia turns a knob which controls the movement of the video
Vincent picks up a bottle of scotch. He sniffs the bottle,
and then pours it into a glass.
A razor blade cuts cocaine on a mirror.
Vincent drinks a glass of scotch.
Vincent sips the drink and looks at a portrait of Mia on the
Mia walks into the room, and takes the needle off a record.
In the past six years, 's diners have sprung up all over
L.A., giving Thai restaurants a run for their money. They're
all basically the same. Decor out of an "Archie" comic book,
Golden Oldies constantly emanating from a bubbly Wurlitzer,
saucy waitresses in bobby socks, menus with items like the
Fats Domino Cheeseburger, or the Wolfman Jack Omelet, and
over prices that pay for all this bullshit.
But then there's JACKRABBIT SLIM'S, the big mama of 's
Either the best or the worst, depending on your point of
Vincent's Malibu pulls up to the restaurant. A big sign with
a neon figure of a cartoon surly cool cat jackrabbit in a
red windbreaker towers over the establishment. Underneath
the cartoon is the name: JACKRABBIT SLIM'S. Underneath that
is the slogan: "Next best thing to a time machine."
What the fuck is this place?
This is Jackrabbit Slim's. An Elvis
Come on, Mia, let's go get a steak.
You can get a steak here, daddy-o.
Mia draws a square with her hands. Dotted lines appear on
the screen, forming a sqaure. The lines disperse.
Compared to the interior, the exterior was that of a quaint
English pub. Posters from 's A.I.P. movies are all over
THE CRAB MONSTER," and "MACHINE GUN KELLY"). The booths that
the patrons sit in are made out of the cut up bodies of s
In the middle of the restaurant in a dance floor. A big sign
on the wall states, "No shoes allowed." Some wannabe beboppers
, do the twist in their socks or
The picture windows don't look out the street, but instead,
B & W movies of 's street scenes play behind them. The
WAITRESSES and WAITERS are made up as replicas of 's icons:
MARILYN MONROE, ZORRO, JAMES DEAN, DONNA REED, MARTIN and
LEWIS, and THE PHILIP MORRIS MIDGET, wait on tables wearing
Vincent and Mia study the menu in a booth made out of a red
' Edsel. BUDDY HOLLY , comes over, sporting
a big button on his chest that says: "Hi I'm Buddy, pleasing
Hi, I'm Buddy, what can I get'cha?
I'll have the Douglas Sirk steak.
How d'ya want it, burnt to a crisp,
Bloody as hell. And to drink, a
I'll have the Durwood Kirby burger
How d'ya want that shake, Martin and
Did you just order a five-dollar
A shake? Milk and ice cream?
You don't put bourbon in it or
Vincent takes a look around the place. The YUPPIES are
dancing, the DINERS are biting into big, juicy hamburgers,
and the icons are playing their parts. Marilyn is squealing,
The Midget is paging Philip Morris, Donna Reed is making her
customers drink their milk, and Dean and Jerry are acting a
It's like a wax museum with a pulse
Vincent takes out his pouch of tobacco and begins rolling
After a second of watching him
Oh. Well in that case, will you roll
You can have this one, cowgirl.
He hands her the rolled smoke. She takes it, putting it to
her lips. Out of nowhere appears a Zippo lighter in Vincent's
He begins rolling one for himself.
As this time, the SOUND of a subway car fills the diner,
making everything SHAKE and RATTLE. Marilyn Monroe runs to a
square vent in the floor. An imaginary subway train BLOWS
the skirt of her white dress around her ears as she lets out
a squeal. The entire restaurant applauds.
Marsellus said you just got back
Sure did. I heard you did a pilot.
It was show about a team of female
secret agents called "Fox Force Five."
"Fox Force Five." Fox, as in we're a
bunch of foxy chicks. Force, as in
we're a force to be reckoned with.
Five, as in there's one... two ...
three... four... five of us. There
was a blonde one, Sommerset O'Neal
from that show "Baton Rouge," she
was the leader. A Japanese one, a
black one, a French one and a brunette
one, me.  We all had special skills.
the Japanese fox was a kung fu master,
the black girl was a demolition
Knives. The character I played, Raven
McCoy, her background was she was
raised by circus performers. So she
grew up doing a knife act. According
to the show, she was the deadliest
woman in the world with a knife. But
because she grew up in a circus, she
was also something of an acrobat.
She could do illusions, she was a
the world safe from evil, you never
know when being a trapeze artist's
gonna come in handy. And she knew a
an old vaudevillian, taught her. If
we woulda got picked up, they woulda
worked in a gimmick where every
episode I woulda told and ol joke.
Do you remember any of the jokes?
Well I only got the chance to say
one, 'cause we only did one show.
No. You won't like it and I'll be
You told it in front of fifty million
people and you can't tell it to me?
That's not what I meant and you know
You're quite the silver tongue devil,
I meant I wouldn't laugh at you.
That's not what you said Vince. Well
now I'm definitely not gonna tell
ya, 'cause it's been built up too
Buddy comes back with the drinks. Mia wraps her lips around
Can I have a sip of that? I'd like
to know what a five-dollar shake
She slides the shake over to him.
You can use my straw, I don't have
I don't know if it's worth five
Then the first of an uncomfortable silence happens.
feel it's necessary to yak about
bullshit in order to be comfortable?
That's when you know you found
somebody special. When you can just
shit the fuck up for a minute, and
I don't think we're there yet. But
don't feel bad, we just met each
Well I'll tell you what, I'll go to
the bathroom and powder my nose,
while you sit here and think of
Mia powders her nose by doing a big line of coke off the
bathroom sink. Her head jerks up from the rush.
Vincent digs into his Douglas Sirk steak. As he chews, his
Mia comes back to the table.
Don't you love it when you go to the
bathroom and you come back to find
We're lucky we got it at all. Buddy
Holly doesn't seem to be much of a
waiter. We shoulda sat in Marilyn
Pointing at Marilyn in the white dress serving a table.
Then, pointing at a BLONDE WAITRESS in a tight sweater and
capri pants, taking an order from a bunch of FILM GEEKS
... and that's Mamie Van Doren. I
don't see Jayne Mansfield, so it
Did ya think of something to say?
wanted to ask you about, but you
seem like a nice person, and I didn't
you chit-chat. This sounds like you
Only if you promise not to get
that. I have no idea what you're
gonna ask. You could ask me what
you're gonna ask me, and my natural
response could be to be offended.
Then, through no fault of my own, I
That is an impossibility. Trying to
this would be an exercise in futility.
Besides, it's more exciting when you
What do you think about what happened
He fell out of a window.
That's one way to say it. Another
way is, he was thrown out. Another
was is, he was thrown out by
Marsellus. And even another way is,
he was thrown out of a window by
No it's not, it's just what I heard.
They talk a lot, don't they?
Well don't by shy Vincent, what
Let me help you Bashful, did it
No. They just said Rocky Horror gave
You heard Marsellus threw Rocky Horror
out of a four-story window because
At the time I was told, it seemed
Marsellus throwing Tony out of a
four story window for giving me a
No, it seemed excessive. But that
doesn't mean it didn't happen. I
A husband being protective of his
wife is one thing. A husband almost
killing another man for touching his
The only thing Antwan ever touched
of mine was my hand, when he shook
it. I met Anwan once  at my wedding
then never again.  The truth is,
Tony Rocky Horror out of that window
Horror. But when you scamps get
together, you're worse than a sewing
Ladies and gentlemen, now the moment
you've all been waiting for, the
Ed Sullivan is with Marilyn Monroe, who holds a trophy.
...One lucky couple will win this
handsome trophy that Marilyn here is
...Now, who will be our first
No, no, no no, no, no, no, no.
No, no, no, no, no, no, no. I do
boss, told you to take me out and do
whatever I wanted, Now, I want to
dance. I want to win. I want that
All right, you asked for it.
Vincent and Mia walk onto the dance floor, toward Ed Sullivan.
Let's hear it for our first
Vincent and Mia walk up to the microphone.
Now let's meet our first contestants
here this evening. Young lady, what
And, uh, how 'bout your fella here?
All right, let's see what you can
Mia and Vincent dance to Chuck Berry's "YOU NEVER CAN TELL".
They make hand movements as they dance.
The front door FLINGS open, and Mia and Vincent dance tango-
style into the house, singing a cappella the song from the
previous scene. They finish their little dance, laughing.
The two just stand face to face looking at each other.
I don't know what that was.
Mia moves away to attend to both. Vincent hangs up his
overcoat on a big bronze coat rack in the alcove.
That was a little bit more information
than I needed to know, but go right
Vincent shuffles off to the john.
Mia moves to her CD player, thumbs through a stack of CDs
and selects one: k.d. lang. The speakers BLAST OUT a high
energy country number, which Mia plays air-guitar to. She
dances her way around the room and finds herself by Vincent's
overcoat hanging on the rack. She touches its sleeve. It
Her hand hoes in its pocket and pulls out his tobacco pouch.
Like a little girl playing cowboy, she spreads the tobacco
on some rolling paper. Imitating what he did earlier, licks
the paper and rolls it into a pretty good cigarette. Maybe a
little too fat, but not bad for a first try. Mia thinks so
anyway. Her hand reaches back in the pocket and pulls out
his Zippo lighter. She SLAPS the lighter against her leg,
trying to light it fancy-style like Vince did. What do you
know, she did it! Mia's one happy clam. She triumphantly
brings the fat flame up to her fat smoke, lighting it up,
then LOUDLY SNAPS the Zippo closed.
The Mia-made cigarette is brought up to her lips, and she
takes a long, cool drag. Her hand slides the Zippo back in
the overcoat pocket. But wait, her fingers touch something
else. Those fingers bring out a plastic bag with white powder
inside, the madman that Vincent bought earlier from Lance.
Wearing a big smile, Mia brings the bag of heroin up to her
Disco! Vince, you little cola nut,
you've been holding out on me.
Vincent stands at the sink, washing his hands, talking to
One drink and leave. Don't be rude,
but drink your drink quickly, say
goodbye, walk out the door, get in
your car, and go down the road.
Mia has the unbeknownst-to-her heroin cut up into big lines
on her glass top coffee table. Taking her trusty hundred
dollar bill like a human Dust-Buster, she quickly snorts the
Her head JERKS back. Her hands go to her nose (which feels
like it's on fucking fire), something is terribly wrong.
Vincent dries his hands on a towel while he continues his
...It's a moral test of yourself,
whether or not you can maintain
loyal to each other, that's very
Mia is on all fours trying to crawl to the bathroom, but
it's like she's trying to crawl with the bones removed from
her knees. Blood begins to drip from Mia's nose. Then her
stomach gets into the act and she VOMITS.
So you're gonna go out there, drink
your drink, say "Goodnight, I've had
a very lovely evening," go home, and
jack off.  And that's all you're
Now that he's given himself a little pep talk, Vincent's
ready for whatever's waiting for him on the other side of
that door. So he goes through it.
We follow behind Vincent as he walks from the bathroom to
the living room, where he finds Mia lying on the floor like
a rag doll. She's twisted on her back. Blood and puke are
down her front. And her face is contorted. Not out of the
tightness of pain, but just the opposite, the muscles in her
face are so relaxed, she lies still with her mouth wide open.
Vincent moves like greased lightning to Mia's fallen body.
Bending down where she lays, he puts his fingers on her neck
to check her pulse. She slightly stirs.
Mia is aware of Vincent over her, speaking to her.
Mia! MIA! What the hell happened?
But she's unable to communicate Mia makes a few lost mumbles,
but they're not distinctive enough to be called words.
Vincent props her eyelids open and sees the story.
Mia! MIA! What did you take? Answer
me honey, what did you take?
Mia is incapable of answering. He SLAPS her face hard.
Vincent SPRINGS up and RUNS to his overcoat, hanging on the
He goes through the pockets FRANTICALLY. It's gone. Vincent
makes a beeline to Mia. We follow.
Okay honey, we're getting you on
He reaches her and hoists the dead weight up in his arms.
We're on our feet now, and now we're
gonna talk out to the car. Here we
We follow behind as he hurriedly walks the practically-
unconscious Mia through the house and out the front door.
INSERT SPEEDOMETER: red needle on a hundred.
Vincent driving like a madman in a town without traffic laws,
speeds the car into turns and up and over hills.
Vincent, one hand firmly on the wheel, the other shifting
like Robocop, both eyes staring straight ahead except when
Mia, slack-jawed expression, mouth gaping, posture of a bag
Vincent takes a cellular phone out of his pocket. He punches
At this late hour, LANCE has transformed from a bon vivant
drug dealer to a bathrobe creature.
He sits in a big comfy chair, ratty blue gym pants, a worn-
out but comfortable tee-shirt that has, written on it, "TAFT,
CALIFORNIA", and a moth-ridden terry cloth robe. In his hand
is a bowl of Cap'n Crunch with Crunch Berries. In front of
him on the coffee table is a jug of milk, the box the Cap'n
Crunch with Crunch Berries came out of, and a hash pipe in
On the big-screen TV in front of the table is the Three
Lance puts down his cereal and makes his way to the phone.
Jody, his wife, CALLS from the bedroom, obviously woken up.
I thought you told those fuckin'
assholes never to call this late!
I told 'em and that's what I'm gonna
tell this fuckin' asshole right now!
Hello, do you know how late it is?
You're not supposed to be callin' me
Vincent is still driving like a stripe-assed ape, clutching
the phone to his ear. WE CUT BACK AND FORTH during the
Lance, this is Vincent, I'm in big
fuckin' trouble man, I'm on my way
Whoa, hold you horses man, what's
You still got an adrenaline shot?
I need it man, I got a chick she's
Don't bring her here!  I'm not even
fuckin' joking with you, don't you
be bringing some fucked up pooh-butt
Then bite the fuckin' bullet, take
'er to a hospital and call a lawyer!
She ain't my fuckin' problem, you
fucked her up, you deal with it
are you talkin' to me on a cellular
I don't know you, who is this, don't
At that moment inside Lance's house, WE HEAR VINCENT's Malibu
coming up the street. Lance hangs up the phone, goes to his
curtains and YANKS the cord. The curtains open with a WHOOSH
in time to see Vincent's Malibu DRIVING UP on his front lawn
and CRASHING into his house. The window Lance is looking out
Lance CHARGES from the window, out the door to his front
Vincent is already out of the car, working on getting Mia
Have you lost your mind?! You crashed
your car in my fuckin' house! You
talk about drug shit on a cellular
If you're through havin' your little
hissy fit, this chick is dyin', get
your needle and git it now!
Are you deaf? You're not bringin'
that fucked up bitch in my house!
This fucked up bitch is Marsellus
Wallace's wife. Now if she fuckin'
croaks on me, I'm a grease spot. But
before he turns me into a bar soap,
I'm gonna be forced to tell 'im about
how you coulda saved her life, but
instead you let her die on your front
WE START in Lance's and Jody's bedroom.
Jody, in bed, throws off the covers and stands up. She's
wearing a long tee-shirt with a picture of Fred Flintstone
We follow HANDHELD behind her as she opens the door, walking
through the hall into the living room.
It's only one-thirty in the goddamn
mornin'! What the fuck's goin' on
As she walks in the living room, she sees Vincent and Lance
standing over Mia, who's lying on the floor in the middle of
From here on in, everything in this scene is frantic, like a
DOCUMENTARY in an emergency ward, with the big difference
here being nobody knows what the fuck they're doing.
Get that black box in the bedroom I
Well get her the hell outta here!
She angrily turns and disappears into the bedroom looking
WE MOVE into the room with the two men.
You two are a match made in heaven.
Look, just keep talkin' to her, okay?
While she's gettin' the shot, I gotta
What do you need a medical book for?
To tell me how to do it. I've never
You've had that thing for six years
I never had to use it. I don't go
of my friends can handle their highs!
I am, if you'll let me.
Stop talkin' to me, and start talkin'
WE FOLLOW Lance as he runs out of the living room into a...
With a bunch of junk in it. He frantically starts scanning
the junk for the book he's looking for, repeating the words,
Hurry up man! We're losin' her!
I'm looking as fast as I can!
WE HEAR Jody in the living room now as she talks to Vincent.
As he continues searching, flipping and knocking over shit,
My black fuckin' medical book. It's
like a text book they give to nurses.
I never saw a medical book.
Well if it's that important, why
didn't you keep it with the shot?
I don't know! Stop bothering me!
While you're lookin' for it, that
girl's gonna die on our carpet. You're
never gonna find it in all this shit.
For six months now, I've been telling
get your ass in here, fuck the
Lance angrily knocks over a pile of shit and leaves the SHOT
Vincent is bent over Mia, talking softly to her, when Lance
Quit fuckin' around man and give her
Lance bends down by the black case brought in by Jody. He
opens it and begins preparing the needle for injection.
While I'm doing this, take her shirt
Jody stumbles back in the room, hanging back from the action.
Does it have to be exact?
Yeah, it has to be exact! I'm giving
her an injection in the heart, so I
gotta exactly hit her in the heart.
Well, I don't know exactly where her
heart is, I think it's here.
Vince points to Mia's right breast.  Lance glances over and
As Lance readies the injection, Vincent looks up at Jody.
I need a big fat magic marker, got
I need a big fat magic marker, any
felt pen'll do, but a magic marker
Jody runs to the desk, opens the top drawer and, in her
enthusiasm, she pulls the drawer out of the desk, the contents
of which  spill to the floor.
The injection is ready. Lance hands Vincent the needle.
It's ready, I'll tell you what to
You're gonna give her the shot.
No, you're gonna give her the shot.
I've never done this before either,
and I ain't starting now. You brought
'er here, that means you give her
the shot. The day I bring an ODing
bitch to your place, then I gotta
Jody hurriedly joins them in the huddle, a big fat red magic
Vincent grabs the magic marker out of Jody's hand and makes
a big red dot on Mia's body where her heart is.
Well, you're giving her an injection
of adrenaline straight to her heart.
But she's got a breast plate in front
of her heart, so you gotta pierce
through that. So what you gotta do
is bring the needle down in a stabbing
Lance demonstrates a stabbing motion, which looks like "The
Shape" killing its victims in "HALLOWEEN".
If you want the needle to pierce
through to her heart, you gotta stab
Then once you do, push down on the plunger.
This ain't a fuckin' joke man!
She's supposed to come out of it
Vincent lifts the needle up above his head in a stabbing
Mia is fading fast. Soon nothing will help her.
Vincent's eyes narrow, ready to do this.
Lance, on this knees right beside Vincent, does not know
Jody's face is alive with anticipation.
NEEDLE in that air, poised like a rattler ready to strike.
The needle leaves frame, THRUSTING down hard.
Vincent brings the needle down hard, STABBING Mia in the
Mia's head is JOLTED from the impact.
The syringe plunger is pushed down, PUMPING the adrenaline
Mia's eyes POP WIDE OPEN and she lets out a HELLISH cry of
the banshee. She BOLTS UP in a sitting position, needle stuck
Vincent, Lance and Jody, who were in sitting positions in
front of Mia, JUMP BACK, scared to death.
Mia's scream runs out. She slowly starts taking breaths of
The other three, now scooted halfway across the room, shaken
to their bones, look to see if she's alright.
Mia, still breathing, not looking up at them, says in a
Vincent and Lance collapse on their backs, exhausted and
shaking from how close to death Mia came.
Vincent is behind the wheel driving Mia home. No one says
anything, both are still too shaken.
The Malibu pulls up to the front. Mia gets out without saying
a word  and begins walking down the walkway
Vincent's out of the car, standing on the walkway, a big
What are your thoughts on how to
Well I'm of the opinion that Marsellus
can live his whole live and never
Don't worry about it. If Marsellus
ever heard of this, I'd be in as
If you can keep a secret, so can I.
The two walk toward each other, holding out their hands to
Mia lets go of Vincent's hand and silently makes the see-no-
evil, hear-no-evil, and speak-no-evil sign with her hands.
If you'll excuse me, I gotta go home
You still wanna hear my "FOX FORCE
Sure, but I think I'm still a little
Uh-huh. You won't laugh because it's
not funny. But if you still wanna
Three tomatoes are walking down the
street, a poppa tomato, a momma
tomato, and a little baby tomato.
The baby tomato is lagging behind
the poppa and momma tomato. The poppa
tomato gets mad, goes over to the
momma tomato and stamps on him
They both smile, but neither laugh.
Mia turns and walks inside her house.
After Mia walks inside. Vincent continues to look at where
she was. He brings his hands to his lips and blows her a
kiss. Then exits FRAME leaving it empty. WE HEAR his Malibu
FADE UP On the cartoon "SPEED RACER."  Speed is giving a
detailed description of all the features on his race car
"The Mac-," which he does at the beginning of every episode.
OFF SCREEN we hear a WOMAN'S VOICE... .
We're in the living room of a modest two bedroom house in
Alhambra, California, in the year . BUTCH'S MOTHER, ish,
stands in the doorway leading into the living room. Next to
her is a man dressed in the uniform of an American Air Force
officer. The CAMERA is the perspective of a five-year old
Butch, stop watching TV a second. We
got a special visitor. Now do you
remember when I told you your daddy
Well this here is Capt. Koons. He
was in the P.O.W. camp with Daddy.
CAPT. KOONS steps inside the room toward the little boy and
bends down on one knee to bring him even with the boy's
eyeline. When Koons speaks, he speaks with a slight Texas
Hello, little man. Boy I sure heard
a bunch about you. See, I was a good
friend of your Daddy's. We were in
that Hanoi pit of hell over five
yourself, but when two men are in a
situation like me and your Daddy
were, for as long as we were, you
the other. If it had been me who had
not made it, Major Coolidge would be
talkin' right now to my son Jim. But
the way it worked out is I'm talkin'
to you, Butch. I got somethin' for
The Captain pulls a gold wrist watch out of his pocket.
This watch I got here was first
It was bought during the First World
War in a little general store in
the day he set sail for Paris. It
made by the first company to ever
make wrist watches. You see, up until
that watch every day he was in the
war. Then when he had done his duty,
he went home to your great-
grandmother, took the watch off his
wrist and put it in an ol' coffee
can. And in that can it stayed 'til
called upon by his country to go
overseas and fight the Germans once
again. This time they called it World
it to your granddad for good luck.
good as his old man's. Your granddad
was a Marine and he was killed with
all the other Marines at the battle
of Wake Island. Your granddad was
facing death and he knew it. None of
those boys had any illusions about
ever leavin' that island alive. So
three days before the Japanese took
grandfather asked a gunner on an Air
Force transport named Winocki, a man
he had never met before in his life,
to deliver to his infant son, who he
had never seen in the flesh, his
gold watch. Three days later, your
kept his word. After the war was
over, he paid a visit to your
father, his Dad's gold watch. This
watch. This watch was on your Daddy's
wrist when he was shot down over
Hanoi. He was captured and put in a
Vietnamese prison camp. Now he knew
if the gooks ever saw the watch it'd
be confiscated. The way your Daddy
looked at it, that watch was your
birthright. And he'd be damned if
and slopeheads were gonna put their
greasy yella hands on his boy's
birthright. So he hid it in the one
place he knew he could hide somethin'.
His ass. Five long years, he wore
this watch up his ass. Then when he
died of dysentery, he gave me the
watch. I hid with uncomfortable hunk
of metal up my ass for two years.
Then, after seven years, I was sent
home to my family. And now, little
man, I give the watch to you.
Capt. Koons hands the watch to Butch. A little hand comes
The -year old Butch Coolidge is dressed in boxing regalia:
trunks, shoes and gloves. He lies on a table catching a few
zzzzzz's before his big fight. Almost as soon as WE CUT to
him, he wakes up with a start. Shaken by the bizarre memory,
he wipes his sweaty face with his boxing glove.
His trainer KLONDIKE, an older fireplug, opens the door a
little, sticking his head in the room. Pandemonium seems to
be breaking out behind Klondike in the hallway.
Klondike steps inside, closing the door on the WILD MOB
He goes to the long yellow robe hanging on a hook. Butch
hops off the table and, without a word, Klondike helps him
on with the robe, which says on the back: "BATTLING BUTCH
The two men head for the door. Klondike opens the door for
As Butch steps into the hallway, the Crowd goes apeshit.
Klondike closes the door behind him, leaving us in the quiet,
We hear over the black and white title:
Well Dan, that had to be the
brutal fight this city has ever seen.
The SOUND of chaos in the b.g.
A taxi is parked in a dark alley next to an auditorium. The
sky is PISSIN' DOWN RAIN. WE SLOWLY DOLLY toward the parked
car. The SOUND of the CAR RADIO can be heard coming from
...Coolidge was out of there faster
than I've ever seen a victorious
boxer vacate the ring. Do you think
My guess would be yes, Richard. I
could see from my position here, the
frenzy in his eyes give way to the
realization of what he was doing. I
think any man would've left the ring
Inside the taxi, behind the wheel, is a female cabbie named
ESMARELDA VILLALOBOS. A young woman, with Spanish looks,
sits parked, drinking a steaming hot cup of coffee out of a
Do you feel this ring death tragedy
will have an effect on the world of
Oh Dan, a tragedy like this can't
help but shake the world of boxing
to its very foundation. But it's of
sad weeks ahead, the eyes of the
W.B.A. remain firmly fixed on the
CLICK  Esmarelda shuts off the radio.
She takes a sip of coffee, then hears a NOISE behind her in
the alley. She sticks her head out of the car door to see:
A window about three stories high opens on the auditorium-
side of the alley. A gym bag is tossed out into a garbage
dumpster below the window. Then, Butch Coolidge, still dressed
in boxing trunks, shoes, gloves and yellow robe, LEAPS to
ESMARELDA'S REACTION takes in the strangeness of this sight.
Gym bag in hand, Butch CLIMBS out of the dumpster and RUNS
to the taxi. Before he climbs in, he takes off his robe and
Butch, soaking wet, naked except for trunks, shoes and gloves,
HOPS in the backseat, SLAMMING the door.
Esmarelda, staring straight ahead, talks to Butch through
Are you the man I was supposed to
If you're the cab I called, I'm the
guy you're supposed to pick up.
The ignition key is TWISTED. The engine ROARS to life.
Esmarelda's bare foot STOMPS on the gas pedal.
The cab WHIPS out of the alley, FISH-TAILING on the wet
pavement in front of the auditorium at a rapid pace.
Locker room door opens, English Dave fights his way through
the pandemonium which is going on outside in the hall,
shutting the door on the madness. Once inside, English Dave
takes time to adjust his suit and tie. Mia is standing by
the door. She sees Vincent with English Dave.
Great. I never thanked you for the
In the room, black boxer FLOYD RAY WILLIS lies on a table
His face looks like he went dunking for bees. His TRAINER is
on his knees, head on Floyd's chest, crying over the body.
The huge figure that is Marsellus Wallace stands at the table,
hand on the Trainer's shoulder, lending emotional support.
We still do not see Marsellus clearly, only that he is big.
Mia sits in a chair at the far end of the room.
Marsellus looks up, sees English Dave and walks over to him.
I'm prepared to scour the earth for
this motherfucker. If Butch goes to
Indo China, I want a nigger hidin'
in a bowl of rice, ready to pop a
Butch gets one of his boxing gloves off.
Esmeralda watches in the rearview mirror.
He tries to roll down one of the backseat windows, but can't
Hey, how do I open the window back
She presses a button and the back window moves down. Butch
tosses his boxing glove out the window, then starts untying
You were in that fight? The fight on
As he tosses his other glove out the window.
No c'mon, you're him, I know you're
You killed the other boxing man.
The radio said he was dead.
He tosses the towel out the window.
Silence, as Butch digs in his bag for a t-shirt.
Killing a man. Beating another man
to death with your bare hands.
No, it's a subject I have much
interest in. You are the first person
I ever met who has killed somebody.
So, what was it like to kill a man?
Tell ya what, you give me one of
them cigarettes, I'll give you an
Esmarelda bounces in her seat with excitement.
Butch leans forward. Esmarelda, keeping her eyes on the road,
passes a cigarette back to him. He takes it. Then, still not
looking behind her, she brings up her hand, a lit match in
Butch lights his smoke, then blows out the match.
The name is Spanish, but I'm
It mean "Esmarelda of the wolves."
That's one hell of a name you got
Thank you. And what is your name?
I'm an American, our names don't
mean shit. Anyway, moving right along,
what is it you wanna know, Esmarelda?
I want to know what it feels like to
I couldn't tell ya. I didn't know
he was dead 'til you told me he was
dead. Now I know he's dead, do you
wanna know how I feel about it?
I don't feel the least little bit
We DOLLY around a phone booth as Butch talks inside.
What'd I tell ya, soon as the word
got out a fix was in, the odds would
be outta control. Hey, if he was a
better fighter he's be alive. If he
never laced up his gloves in the
first place, which he never shoulda
done, he'd be alive. Enough about
the poor unfortunate Mr. Floyd, let's
talk about the rich and prosperous
Mr. Butch.  How many bookies you
So by tomorrow evening, you'll have
Good news Scotty, real good news  I
Me an'  Fabienne're gonna leave in
the morning. It should take us a
couple days to get into Knoxville.
Next time we see each other, it'll
Butch hangs up the phone. He looks at the cab waiting to
take him wherever he wants to go.
Esmeralda's taxi pulled into the motel parking lot. The rain
has stopped, but the night is still soaked. Butch gets out,
now fully dressed in tee-shirt, jeans and high school athletic
jacket. He leans in the driver's side window.
Merci beaucoup. And here's a little
Butch holds up a hundred dollar bill.
Esmarelda's eyes light up. She goes to take it. Butch holds
Now if anybody should ask you about
who your fare was tonight, what're
He tweaks her nose, she smiles, and he turns and walks away.
Butch enters and turns on the light.
Lying curled up on the bed, fully dressed, with her back to
us is Butch's French girlfriend, FABIENNE.
Butch flicks the switch back, making the room dark again.
Oui. Hard day at the office?
Pretty hard. I got into a fight.
Poor baby. Can we make spoons?
Butch climbs into bed, spooning Fabienne from behind.
When Butch and Fabienne speak to each other, they speak in
I was looking at myself in the mirror.
I wish I had a pot.
You were lookin' in the mirror and
you wish you had some pot?
A pot. A pot belly. Pot bellies are
Well you should be happy, 'cause you
Shut up, Fatso! I don't have a pot!
I have a bit of a tummy, like Madonna
when she did "Lucky Star," it's not
I didn't realize there was a
difference between a tummy and a pot
You want me to have a pot?
No. Pot bellies make a man look either
oafish, or like a gorilla. But on a
woman, a pot belly is very sexy. The
rest of you is normal. Normal face,
ass, but with a big, perfectly round
pot belly. If I had one, I'd wear a
tee-shirt two sizes too small to
You think guys would find that
I don't give a damn what men find
find pleasing to the touch and
pleasing to the eye is seldom the
If you a pot belly, I'd punch you in
You'd punch me in my belly?
I'd smother you. I'd drop it on your
right on your face 'til you couldn't
Did you get everything, sugar pop?
You didn't listen to the radio?
I never listen to your fights. Were
What about the man you fought?
Really?! He won't be fighting no
So it all worked out in the finish?
We ain't at the finish, baby.
Fabienne rolls over and Butch gets on top of her. They kiss.
We're in a lot of danger, aren't we?
If they find us, they'll kill us,
But they won't find us, will they?
Do you still want me to go with you?
I don't want to be a burden or a
Butch's hand goes out of frame and starts massaging her
Fabienne, I want you to be with me.
Butch continues to massage her crotch.
Butch? Will you give me oral pleasure?
Butch kisses her on the mouth.
Butch's head goes down out of frame to carry out the oral
pleasure. Fabienne's face is alone in the frame.
Butch my love, the adventure begins.
Same motel room, except empty. WE HEAR THE SHOWER RUNNING in
the bathroom. The CAMERA MOVES to the bathroom doorway. We
see Fabienne in a white terry cloth robe that seems to swallow
She's drying her head with a towel. Butch is inside the shower
washing up. We see the outline of his naked body through the
smoky glass of the shower door. Steam fills the bathroom.
Butch turns the shower off and opens the door, popping his
I think I cracked a rib.
My name is Fabby! My name is Fabby!
Shut up fuck head! I hate that
Okay, sorry, sorry, sorry, I take it
back!  Can I have a towel please,
Oh I like that, I like being called
a tulip. Tulip is much better than
She finishes drying her hair and wraps the towel like a turban
I didn't call you a Mongoloid, I
called you a retard, but I took it
Where are we going to go?
I'm not sure yet. Wherever you want.
We're gonna get a lot of money from
this. But it ain't gonna be so much,
we can live like hogs in the fat
house forever. I was thinking we
could go somewhere in the South
Pacific. The kinda money we'll have'll
carry us a long way down there.
So if we wanted, we could live in
You betcha. And if after awhile you
don't dig Bora Bora, then we can
move over to Tahiti or Mexico.
But I do not speak Spanish.
You don't speak Bora Boran either.
Besides, Mexican is easy: Donde esta
my little mama ceta in no time.
Butch exits the bathroom. We stay on Fabienne as she brushes
Butch keeps on from the other room.
Time for bed. Sweet dream, jellybean.
Fabienne brushes her teeth. We watch her for a moment or
She walks out of the bathroom to ask Butch a question, only
to find him sound asleep in bed.
She looks at him for a moment.
She exits frame, going back in the bathroom. WE STAY on the
WIDE SHOT of the unconscious Butch in bed.
SAME SHOT AS BEFORE, the next morning. We find Butch still
Fabienne brushes her teeth half in and half out of the
bathroom so she can watch TV at the same time. She still
wears the terry cloth robe from the night before.
ON TV: WILLIAM SMITH and a BUNCH OF HELL'S ANGELS are taking
on the entire Vietnamese army in the film "THE LOSERS".
Butch wakes from his sleep, as if a scary monster was chasing
Merde! You startled me. Did you have
Butch squints down the front of the bed at her, trying to
Butch, still trying to chase the cobwebs away, sees on TV
Hell's Angels tear-assin' through a Vietnamese prison camp.
A motorcycle movie, I'm not sure the
In a way. Why? Would you like for me
She reaches over and turns off the TV.
It's a little too early in the morning
How should I know, you were the one
No, imbecile, what was your dream
Oh, I... don't remember. It's really
You just woke up from it.
Fabienne, I'm not lying to you, I
Well, let's look at the grumpy man
in the morning. I didn't say you
were lying, it's just odd you don't
remember mine. Did you know you talk
I don't talk in my sleep, do I talk
I don't know. I couldn't understand
Why don't you get up and we'll get
One more kiss and I'll get up.
Fabienne gives Butch a sweet long kiss.
Butch climbs out of bed and starts pulling clothes out of
Almost nine in the morning. What
I'm gonna order a big plate of
eggs over easy, and five sausages.
Oh yes, that looks nice. To drink, a
tall glass or orange juice and a
black cup of coffee. After that, I'm
going to have a slice of pie.
As he goes through the suitcase.
Any time of the day is a good time
for pie. Blueberry pie to go with
the pancakes. And on top, a thin
No, it's not. It's not here.
By now, Butch is frantically rummaging through the suitcase.
What the fuck do you think I'm doing?!
Are you sure you got it?
Fabienne can hardly speak, she's never seen Butch this way.
Uhhh... yes... beside the table drawer
Yes, it was on your little kangaroo.
Oh it most definitely should be here,
but it's not. So where is it?
Butch lowers his voice, which only serves to make him more
Fabienne, that was my father's fuckin'
watch. You know what my father went
through to git me that watch?... I
don't wanna get into it right now...
but he went through a lot. Now all
this other shit, you coulda set on
you not to forget my father's watch.
Now think, did you get it?
You believe so? You either did, or
you didn't, now which one is it?
Butch freaks out, he punches the air.
Fabienne SCREAMS and backs into a corner, Butch picks up the
motel TV and THROWS IT AGAINST the wall.
Butch looks toward her, suddenly calm.
You left it at the apartment.
He bends down in front of the woman who has sunk to the floor.
He touches her hand, she flinches.
If you did leave it at the apartment,
it's not your fault. I had you bring
a bunch of stuff. I reminded you
about it, but I didn't illustrate
how personal the watch was to me. If
all I gave a fuck about was my watch,
I should've told you. You ain't a
He kisses her hand. Then rises.
Butch puts on his high school jacket.
Don't be. It just means I won't be
able to eat breakfast with you.
Because I'm going back to my apartment
Won't the gangsters be looking for
That's what I'm gonna find out. If
they are, and I don't think I can
I was so dreadful. I saw your watch,
I thought I brought it. I'm so sorry.
Butch brings her close and puts his hands on her face.
Don't feel bad, sugar pop. Nothing
you could ever do would make me
Now here's some money, order those
pancakes and have a great breakfast.
I'll be back before you can say,
Well maybe not that fast, but fast.
He kisses her once more and heads for the door.
And with that, he's out the door.
Fabienne sits on the bed and looks at the money he gave her.
Butch is beating the steering wheel and the dash with his
fists as he drives down the street.
Of all the fuckin' things she coulda
forgot, she forgets my father's watch.
I specifically reminded her not to
forget it. "Bedside table  on the
kangaroo." I said the words: "Don't
The little Honda races toward its destination as fast as is
A parking meter red flag rises up, then out, leaving the
Butch isn't completely reckless. He has parked his car a
couple of blocks from his apartment to check things out before
he goes boppin' through the front door.
Butch walks down the alley until he gets to another street,
Everything seems normal. More or less the right number of
cars in the street. None of the parked cars appear out of
place. None of them have a couple of goons sitting inside.
Basically, it looks like normal morning activity in front of
Butch peers around a wall, taking in the vital information.
Butch walks out of the alley and is ready for anything. He
crosses the street and enters his apartment courtyard.
Across the street from Butch's building, on the corner, is a
combination donut shop and Japanese restaurant. A big sign
sticks up in the air, with the name "Teriyaki Donut" and a
graphic of a donut sticking out of a bowl of rice.
Butch is in the courtyard of his North Hollywood apartment
building. Once again, everything appears normal  the laundry
room, the pool, his apartment door  nothing appears
Butch climbs the stairs leading to his apartment, number .
He steps outside the door and listens inside. Nothing.
Butch slowly inserts the key into the door, quietly opening
He cautiously steps inside, shuts the door and takes a quick
look around. Obviously, no one is there.
Butch walks into his modest kitchen, and opens the
He takes out a carton of milk and drinks from it.
With carton in hard, Butch surveys the apartment. Then he
His bedroom is like the rest of the apartment  neat, clean
and anonymous. The only things personal in his room are a
few boxing trophies, an Olympic silver medal, a framed issue
of "Ring Magazine" with Butch on the cover, and a poster of
Jerry Quarry and one of George Chuvalo.
Sure enough, there's the watch just like he said it was: On
the bedside table, hanging on his little kangaroo statue.
He walks through the apartment and back into the kitchen. He
opens a cupboard and takes out a box of Pop Tarts. Putting
down the milk, he opens the box, takes out two Pop Tarts and
Butch glances to his right, his eyes fall on something.
What he sees is a small compact Czech M submachine gun
with a huge silencer on it, lying on his kitchen counter.
He picks up the intimidating peace of weaponry and examines
Butch looks up to the bathroom door, which is parallel to
the kitchen. There is someone behind it.
Like a rabbit caught in a radish patch, Butch freezes, not
The bathroom door opens and Vincent Vega steps out of the
bathroom, tightening his belt. In his hand is the book
Butch doesn't move, except to point the M in Vincent's
Then... the toaster LOUDLY kicks up the Pop Tarts.
MUFFLED FIRE SHOOTS out of the end of the gun.
Vincent is seemingly WRACKED with twenty bullets
SIMULTANEOUSLY  LIFTING him off his feet, PROPELLING him
through the air and CRASHING through the glass shower door
at the end of the bathroom.
By the time Butch removes his finger from the trigger, Vincent
Butch stands frozen, amazed at what just happened. His look
goes from the grease spot in the bathroom that was once
Vincent, down to the powerful piece of artillery in his grip.
With the respect it deserves, Butch carefully places the M
Then he exits the apartment, quickly.
Butch, not running, but walking very rapidly, crosses the
...comes out of the apartment building, crosses the street...
...and into his car in one STEADICAM SHOT.
Butch CRANKS the car into gear and drives away. The big wide
smile of a survivor breaks across his face.
The Honda turns down the alley and slowly cruises by his
Butch looks out the window at his former home.
That's how you're gonna beat 'em,
This makes the boxer laugh out loud. As he laughs, he flips
a tape in the cassette player. When the MUSIC starts, he
He drives by the apartment, but is stopped at the light on
the corner across from Teriyaki Donut.
Butch is still chuckling, singing along with the song, as we
The big man himself, Marsellus Wallace, exit Teriyaki Donut,
carrying a box of a dozen donuts and two large styrofoam
cups of coffee. He steps off the curb, crossing the street
in front of Butch's car. This is the first time we see
Laughing boy stops when he sees the big man directly in front
When Marsellus is in front of Butch's car, he casually glances
to his left, sees Butch, continues walking... then STOPS!
DOUBLE-TAKE: "Am I really seeing what I'm seeing?"
Butch doesn't wait for the big man to answer his own question.
He STOMPS on the gas pedal.
The little Honda SLAMS into Marsellus, sending him, the donuts
and the coffee HITTING the pavement at thirty miles an hour.
Butch CUTS into cross traffic and is BROAD-SIDED by a gold
Camaro Z-, BREAKING all the windows in the Honda and sending
Butch sits dazed and confused in the crumpled mess of what
at one time was Fabienne's Honda. Blood flows from his
nostrils. The still-functional tape player continues to play.
A PEDESTRIAN pokes his head inside.
Marsellus Wallace lies sprawled out in the street. GAWKERS
This jerk's yelling makes Marsellus come to.
TWO PEDESTRIANS help the shaken Butch out of the wreckage.
The woozy Marsellus gets to his feet.
If you need a witness in court, I'll
be glad to help. He was a drunken
maniac. He hit you and crashed into
Marsellus follows the Gawker's finger and sees Butch Coolidge
down the street, looking a shambles.
The big man takes out a . Automatic and the Gawkers back
Butch sees the fierce figure making a wobbly bee-line toward
Marsellus brings up his weapon and FIRES, but he's so hurt,
shaky and dazed that his arm goes wild.
He HITS a LOOKY-LOO WOMAN in the hip. She falls to the ground,
Oh my God, I've been shot!
That's all Butch needs to see. He's outta here.
Butch is in a mad, limping RUN.
The big man's hot on his ass with a cockeyed wobbly run.
Butch cuts across traffic and dashes into a business with a
MAYNARD, a hillbilly-lookin' boy, stands behind the counter
of his pawnshop when, all of a sudden, chaos in the form of
Can I help you wit' somethin'?
Butch quickly takes measure of the situation, than stands
Now you just wait one goddamn minute
Before Maynard can finish his threat, Marsellus CHARGES in.
He doesn't get past the doorway because Butch LANDS his fist
The gangster's feet go out from under him and the big man
Outside, two police cars with their SIRENS BLARING race by.
Butch POUNCES on the fallen body, PUNCHING him twice more in
Butch takes the gun out of Marsellus' hand, than grabs ahold
So you like chasing people, huh?
He BREAKS the finger. Marsellus lets out a pain sound.  Butch
then places the barrel of the . between his eyes, PULLS
back the hammer and places his open hand behind the gun to
Well guess what, big man, you caught
Butch and Marsellus look up at Maynard, who's brandishing a
pumpaction shotgun, aimed at the two men.
Look mister, this ain't any of your
I'm makin' it my business! Now
Now you on top, stand up and come to
Butch slowly gets up and moves to the counter. As soon as he
gets there, Maynard HAULS OFF, HITTING him hard in the face
with the butt of the shotgun, knocking Butch down and out.
After Butch goes down, Maynard calmly lays the shotgun on
the counter and moves to the telephone.
Marsellus Wallace, from his position on the floor, groggily
watches the pawnshop owner dial a number. Maynard waits on
the line while the other end rings. Then it picks up.
Zed? It's Maynard. The spider just
They are tied up in two separate chairs. In their mouths are
two S&M-style ball gags (a belt goes around their heads and
a little red ball sticks in their mouths). Both men are
Maynard steps in with a fire extinguisher and SPRAYS both
guys until they're wide awake and wet as otters. The two
prisoners look up at their captors.
Maynard stands in front of them, fire extinguisher in one
hand, shotgun in the other, and Marsellus' . sticking in
Nobody kills anybody in my place of
Without saying another word, Maynard climbs up the stairs
that lead to red curtains and goes through them.
WE HEAR, on the other side of the curtains, Maynard let Zed
Butch and Marsellus look around the room. The basement of
the pawnshop has been converted into a dungeon. After taking
in their predicament, Butch and Marsellus look at each other,
all traces of hostility gone, replaced by a terror they both
share at what they've gotten themselves into.
Maynard and ZED come through the curtains. Zed is an even
more intense version of Maynard, if such a thing is possible.
The two hillbillys are obviously brothers. Where Maynard is
a vicious pitbull, Zed is a deadly cobra. Zed walks in and
stands in front of the two captives. He inspects them for a
You said you waited for me?
Then how come they're all beat up?
They did that to each other. They
was fightin' when they came in. This
one was gonna shoot that one.
Hey, is Grace gonna be okay in front
Yeah, it ain't Tuesday is it?
Well, I guess you'll just wake 'em
Maynard opens a trap door in the floor.
Maynard reaches into the hole and comes back holding onto a
He gives it a rough yank and, from below the floor, rises
The Gimp is a man they keep dressed from head to toe in black
leather bondage gear. There are zippers, buckles and studs
here and there on the body. On his head is a black leather
mask with two eye holes and a zipper  for a mouth.
They keep him in a hole in the floor big enough for a large
Zed takes the chair, sits it in front of the two prisoners,
then lowers into it. Maynard hands The Gimp's leash to Zed,
The Gimp gets on its knees.
Maynard hangs back while Zed appraises the two men.
Then with his little finger, Zed does a silent "Eenie, meany,
miney, moe... " just his mouth mouthing the words and his
finger going back and forth between the two.
Maynard looks back and forth at the victims.
The Gimps's eyes go from one to the other inside the mask.
Zed continues his silent sing-song with his finger moving
left to right, then it stops.
After a beat, THE CAMERA MOVES to the right, zeroing in on
Naw, drag big boy to Russell's old
Zed grabs Marsellus' chair and DRAGS him into Russell's old
Russell, no doubt, was some other poor bastard that has the
misfortune of stumbling into the Mason-Dixie pawnshop.
Whatever happened to Russell is known only to Maynard and
Zed because his old room, a back room in the back of the
As Marsellus is dragged away, he locks eyes with Butch before
he disappears behind the door of Russell's old room.
The Gimp rises. Maynard ties The Gimp's leash to a hook on
Keep an eye on this one.
The Gimp bows its head: "yes." Maynard disappears into
Russell's old room. There must be a stereo in there because
suddenly The Judds, singing in harmony, fills the air.
Butch looks at The Gimp. The Gimp giggles from underneath
the mask as if this were the funniest moment in the history
From behind the door we hear country MUSIC, struggling, and:
Whoa, this boy's got a bit of fight
We the HEAR Maynard and Zed beat on Marsellus.
You wanna fight? You wanna fight?
Butch pauses, listens to the voices. Then, in a panic,
The ropes are on too tight and Butch can't break free.
The Gimp slaps his knee laughing In the back room, we hear:
That's it... that's it boy, you're
Stay still... stay still goddamn ya!
Zed goddammit, git over here and
Butch stops struggling and lifts up on his arms. Then, quite
easily, the padded chair back slides up and off as if it
were never connected by a bolt.
The Gimp sees this and its eyes widen.
The Gimp FLAILS WILDLY, trying to get the leash off the hook.
He tries to yell, but all that comes out are excited gurgles
Butch is out of his chair, quickly dispensing three BOXER'S
PUNCHES to its face. The punches knock The Gimp out, making
him fall to his knees, this HANGING HIMSELF by the leash
attached to the hook, Butch removes the ball gag, then
silently makes his way through the red curtains.
On the counter is a big set of keys with a large Z connected
to the ring. Grabbing them, he's about to go out when he
stops and listens to the hillbilly psychopaths having their
Butch decides for the life of him, he can't leave anybody in
a situation like that. Se he begins rooting around the
pawnshop for a weapon to bash those hillbillies' heads in
He picks up a big destructive-looking hammer, then discards
it: Not destructive enough. He picks up a chainsaw, thinks
about it for a moment, then puts it back. Next, a large
Louisville slugger he tries on for size. But then he spots
It hands in its hand-carved wood sheath from a nail on the
wall, next to a neon "DAD'S OLD-FASHIONED ROOT BEER" sign.
Butch takes the sword off the wall, removing it from its
sheath. It's a magnificent piece of steel. It seems to glisten
in the low-wattage light of the pawnshop. Butch touches his
thumb to the blade to see if the sword is just for show. Not
on your life. It's as sharp as it gets. This weapon seems
made to order for the Brothers Grimm downstairs. Holding the
sword pointed downward, Takakura Kenstyle, he disappears
through the red curtains to take care of business.
Butch quietly sneaks down the stairs leading to the dungeon.
Sodomy and the Judds can still be heard going string behind
the closed door that leads to Russell's old room.
Butch's hand comes into frame, pushing the door open. It
swings open silently, revealing the rapists, who have switched
Zed is now bent over Marsellus, who is bent over a wooden
Maynard watches. Both have their backs to Butch.
Maynard faces the CAMERA, grinning, while Butch comes up
Miserable, violated, and looking like a rag doll, Marsellus,
red ball gag still in mouth, opens his watery eyes to see
Butch coming up behind Maynard. His eyes widen.
Maynard turns and sees Butch holding the sword.
Butch SCREAMS... with one mighty SWING, SLASHES Maynard across
the front, moving past him, eyes and blade now locked on
Maynard stands trembling, his front sliced open, in shock.
Butch, while never taking his eyes off Zed, THRUSTS the sword
behind him, SKEWERING Maynard, then EXTRACTS it, pointing
the blade toward Zed. Maynard COLLAPSES.
Zed disengages from Marsellus in a hurry and his eyes go
from the tip of Butch's sword to Marsellus' . Automatic,
You want that gun, Zed? Pick it up.
Zed's hand inches toward the weapon.
Butch steps aside, REVEALING Marsellus standing behind him,
Zed is BLASTED in the groin. Down he goes, SCREAMING in AGONY.
Marsellus, looking down at his whimpering rapist, EJECTS the
Butch lowers the sword and hangs back. Not a word, until:
Naw man. I'm pretty fuckin' far from
What now? Well let me tell you what
now.  I'm gonna call a couple pipe-
hittin' niggers, who'll go to work
on homes here with a pair of pliers
Hear me talkin' hillbilly boy?! I
ain't through with you by a damn
sight. I'm gonna git Medieval on
I meant what now, between me and
Oh, that what now? Well, let me tell
ya what now between me an' you. There
is no me an' you. Not no more.
Yeah man, we're cool. One thing I
ask  two things I ask: Don't tell
nobody about this. This shit's between
me and you and the soon-to-be-livin'-
leave town. Tonight. Right now. And
when you're gone, stay gone.  You've
The two men shake hands, then hug one another.
Go on now, get your ass outta here.
Butch leaves Russell's old room through the red curtains.
Marsellus walks over to a phone, dialing a number.
Hello Mr. Wolf, it's Marsellus. Gotta
Butch, still shaking in his boots, exits the pawnshop. He
looks ahead and sees, parked in front of the establishment,
Zed's Big Chrome Chopper with a teardrop gas tank that has
the name "GRACE" on it. He climbs aboard, takes out the keys
with the big Z on them and starts up the huge hog. It RUMBLES
to life, making sounds like a rocket fighting for orbit.
Butch twists the accelerator handle and SPEEDS off.
Fabienne stands in front of a mirror wearing a "Frankie says,
Relax" tee-shirt, singing along with MUSIC coming from a
Butch drives down the street, humping a hot hog named "GRACE."
He checks his father's watch. It says: :.
The SONG in the motel room PLAYS OVER this.
Butch rides up on Grace. He hops off and runs inside the
motel room, while we stay outside with the bike.
Honey, grab your radio and your purse
But what about all our bags?
Fuck the bags. We'll miss our train
Is everything well? Are we in danger?
We're cool. In fact, we're super-
cool. But we gots to go. I'll wait
Butch runs out and hops back on the bike. Fabienne exits the
motel room with the boom box and a large purse. When she
sees Butch on the chopper, she stops dead.
Where did you get this motorcycle?
It's a chopper, baby, hop on.
Fabienne slowly approaches the two-wheel demon.
Sorry baby, I crashed the Honda.
I might've broke my nose, no biggie.
Honey, we gotta hit the fuckin' road!
Butch realizes that this is not the way to get her on the
bike. He turns off the engine and reaches out, taking her
You were gone so long, I started to
I'm sorry I worried you, sweetie.
did you get the blueberry pancakes?
pancakes, I had to get buttermilk
Baby-love, from the moment I left
you, this has been without a doubt
the single weirdest day of my entire
life. Climb on an' I'll tell ya about
Fabienne does climb on. Butch STARTS her up.
And with that, the two lovebirds PEEL AWAY on Grace, as the
SONG on the BOOM BOX RISES.
Over black, we can HEAR in the distance, men talking.
You ever read the Bible, Brett?
There's a passage I got memorized,
Ezekiel :. "The path of the
righteous man is beset on all sides
by the inequities of the selfish and
We're in the bathroom of the Hollywood apartment we were in
earlier. In fact, we're there at exactly the same time. Except
this time, we're in the bathroom with the FOURTH MAN. The
Fourth Man is pacing around the small room, listening hard
to what's being said on the other side of the door, tightly
CLUTCHING his huge silver . Magnum.
"...blessed is he who, in the name
of charity and good will, shepherded
the weak through the valley of
darkness. And I will strike down
upon thee with great vengeance and
furious anger those who attempt to
poison and destroy my brothers. And
you will know I am the Lord when I
The Fourth Man freaks out. He THROWS himself against the
back wall, gun outstretched in front of him, a look of yellow
fear on his face, ready to blow in half anybody fool enough
to stick their head through that door.
Then he listens to them talk.
Waiting for them isn't the smartest move. Bursting out the
door and blowing them all away while they're fuckin' around
The bathroom door BURSTS OPEN and the Fourth Man CHARGES
out, silver Magnum raised, FIRING SIX BOOMING SHOTS from his
DOLLY INTO Fourth Man, same as before.
He SCREAM until he's dry firing. Then a look of confusion
Standing next to each other, unharmed. Amazing as it seems,
none of the Fourth Man's shots appear to have hit anybody.
Jules and Vincent exchange looks like, "Are we hit?" They're
as confused at the shooter. After looking at each other,
they bring their looks up to the Fourth Man.
The Fourth Man is taken out of the scenario by the two men's
bullets who, unlike his, HIT their marks. He drops DEAD.
The two men lower their guns. Jules, obviously shaken, sits
down in a chair. Vincent, after a moment of respect, shrugs
Then heads toward Marvin in the corner.
Why the fuck didn't you tell us about
that guy in the bathroom? Slip your
mind?  Forget he was in there with a
We should be fuckin' dead right now.
Did you see that gun he fired at us?
That shit wasn't luck. That shit was
Yeah, I think so. That means God
came down from Heaven and stopped
Yeah, man, that's what is means.
That's exactly what it means! God
came down from Heaven and stopped
I think we should be going now.
Don't do that! Don't you fuckin' do
that!  Don't blow this shit off!
What just happened was a fuckin'
Chill the fuck out, Jules, this shit
Wrong, wrong, this shit doesn't just
Do you wanna continue this theological
discussion in the car, or at the
We should be fuckin' dead now, my
friend!  We just witnessed a miracle,
and I want you to fuckin' acknowledge
Okay man, it was a miracle, can we
The Chevy Nova PROPELS itself into traffic.
Jules is behind the wheel,Vincent in the passenger seat and
...Ever seen that show "COPS?"  I
was watchin' it once and this cop
was on it who was talkin' about this
time he got into this gun fight with
a guy in a hallway. He unloads on
this guy and he doesn't hit anything.
And these guys were in a hallway.
It's a freak, but it happens.
If you wanna play blind man, then go
walk with a Shepherd. But me, my
What the fuck does that mean?
That's it for me. For here on in,
you can consider my ass retired.
While you're at it, be sure to tell
I'll bet ya ten thousand dollars, he
I don't give a damn if he does.
Vincent turns to the backseat with the . casually in his
Marvin, what do you make of all this?
I don't even have an opinion.
C'mon, Marvin. Do you think God came
down from Heaven and stopped the
Marvin is hit in the upper chest, below the throat. He GURGLES
I just accidentally shot Marvin in
Why the fuck did you do that?
I didn't mean to do it. I said it
I've seen a lot of crazy-ass shit in
chill out, man, it was an accident,
okay? You hit a bump or somethin'
The car didn't hit no motherfuckin'
Look! I didn't mean to shoot this
Look at this mess! We're drivin'
around on a city street in broad
I know, I know, I wasn't thinkin'
Well you better be thinkin' about it
now, motherfucker! We gotta get this
car off the road. Cops tend to notice
shit like you're driving a car
Can't we just take it to a friendly
This is the Valley, Vincent. Marsellus
don't got no friendly places in the
Well, don't look at me, this is your
Jules takes out a cellular phone and starts punching digits.
A buddy of mine in Toluca Lake.
On the other side of the hill, by
ain't home, I don't know what the
fuck we're gonna go. I ain't got any
Jimmie! How you doin' man, it's Jules.
Listen up man, me an' my homeboy are
in some serious shit. We're in a car
we gotta get off the road, pronto! I
need to use your garage for a couple
Jules is bent over a sink, washing his bloody hands while
We gotta be real fuckin' delicate
one remark away from kickin' our
If he kicks us out, whadda we do?
Well, we ain't leavin' 'til we made
a couple phone calls. But I never
want it to reach that pitch. Jimmie's
my friend and you don't bust in your
friend's house and start tellin' 'im
Jules rises and dries his hands. Vincent takes his place at
Just tell 'im not to be abusive. He
kinda freaked out back there when he
Put yourself in his position. It's
eight o'clock in the morning. He
just woke up, he wasn't prepared for
this shit. Don't forget who's doin'
Vincent finishes, then dries his hands on a white towel.
If the price of that favor is I gotta
take shit, he can stick his favor
When Vincent is finished drying his hands, the towel is
What the fuck did you just do to his
I was just dryin' my hands.
You're supposed to wash 'em first.
I watched you get 'em wet.
I washed 'em. Blood's real hard to
get off. Maybe if he had some Lava,
I coulda done a better job.
I used the same soap you did and
when I dried my hands, the towel
didn't look like a fuckin' Maxie
pad. Look, fuck it, alright. Who
cares? But it's shit like this that's
gonna bring this situation to a boil.
If he were to come in here and see
that towel like that... I'm tellin'
you Vincent, you best be cool. 'Cause
if I gotta get in to it with Jimmie
on account of you... Look, I ain't
threatenin' you, I respect you an'
all, just don't put me in that
Jules, you ask me nice like that, no
problem. He's your friend, you handle
Three men are standing in Jimmie's kitchen, each with a mug
of coffee. Jules, Vincent and JIMMIE DIMMICK, a young man in
his late s dressed in a bathrobe.
Goddamn Jimmie, this is some serious
gourmet shit. Me an' Vincent woulda
gourmet fuckin' shit on us. What
I'm not a cobb or corn, so you can
stop butterin' me up. I don't need
you to tell me how good my coffee
is. I'm the one who buys it, I know
how fuckin' good it is.  When Bonnie
goes shoppin;, she buys shit.  I buy
when I drink it, I wanna taste it.
But what's on my mind at this moment
isn't the coffee in my kitchen, it's
the dead nigger in my garage.
I'm talkin'. Now let me ask you a
question, Jules. When you drove in
here, did you notice a sign out front
answer to question. Did you see a
sign out in front of my house that
You know why you didn't see that
'Cause storin' dead niggers ain't my
I ain't through! Now don't you
understand that if Bonnie comes home
and finds a dead body in her house,
I'm gonna get divorced. No marriage
fuckin' divorced. And I don't wanna
get fuckin' divorced. The last time
me an' Bonnie talked about this shit
was gonna be the last time me an'
Bonnie talked about this shit. Now I
wanna help ya out Julie, I really
do. But I ain't gonna lose my wife
don't fuckin' Jimmie me, man, I
you can say that's gonna make me
forget I love my wife. Now she's
workin' the graveyard shift at the
hospital. She'll be comin' home in
less than an hour and a half. Make
your phone calls, talk to your people,
than get the fuck out of my house.
That's all we want. We don't wanna
fuck up your shit. We just need to
call our people to bring us in.
Then I suggest you get to it. Phone's
Marsellus Wallace sits at his dining table in a big comfy
robe, eating his large breakfast, while talking on the phone.
...well, say she comes home. Whaddya
No fuckin' shit she'll freak. That
ain't no kinda answer. You know 'er,
I don't.  How bad, a lot or a little?
Jules paces around in Jimmie's bedroom on the phone.
You got to appreciate what an
situation is. If she comes home from
a hard day's work and finds a bunch
of gangsters doin' a bunch of gangsta'
shit in her kitchen, ain't no tellin'
I've grasped that, Jules. All I'm
I don't wanna hear about no
hear from your ass is: "you ain't
got no problems, Jules. I'm on the
motherfucker. Go back in there, chill
them niggers out and wait for the
You ain't got no problems, Jules.
I'm on the motherfucker. Go back in
there, chill them niggers out and
wait for The Wolf, who should be
Shit Negro, that's all you had to
The CAMERA looks through the bedroom doorway of a hotel suite
into the main area. We SEE a crap game being played on a
fancy crap table by GAMBLERS in tuxedos and LUCKY LADIES in
fancy evening gowns. The CAMERA PANS to the right revealing:
Sitting on a bed, phone in hand with his back to us, the
tuxedo-clad WINSTON WOLF aka "THE WOLF". We also see The
Wolf has a small notepad that he jots details in.
Give me the principals' names again?
We SEE his book. The page has written on it:
" Riverside Drive Toluca Lake  body 
Expect a call around :. It's
about thirty minutes away. I'll be
He hangs up. We never see his face.
A silver Porsche WHIPS the corner leading to Jimmie's home,
in HYPER DRIVE. Easily doing  mph, the Porsche stops on a
dime in front of Jimmie's house.
A ringed finger touches the doorbell: DING DONG.
Jimmie opens the door. We see, standing in the doorway, the
tuxedo-clad man. He looks down to his notebook, then up at
You're Jimmie, right? This is your
I'm Winston Wolf, I solve problems.
So I heard. May I come in?
In the dining room, Jules and Vincent stand up.
You must be Jules, which would make
you Vincent. Let's get down to brass
tacks, gentlemen. If I was informed
correctly, the clock is ticking, is
...comes home at : in the AM, is
I was led to believe if she comes
home and finds us here, she wouldn't
That gives us forty minutes to get
the fuck outta Dodge, which, if you
do what I say when I say it, should
by plenty. Now you got a corpse in a
car, minus a head, in a garage. Take
The three men hang back as The Wolf examines the car. He
studies the car in silence, opening the door, looking inside,
Do me a favor, will ya? Thought I
smelled some coffee in there. Would
Sure, how do you take it?
Jimmie exists. The Wolf continues his examination.
About the car, is there anything I
need to know? Does it stall, does it
make a lot of noise, does it smoke,
is there gas in it, anything?
Aside from how it looks, the car's
Positive?  Don't get me out on the
road and I find out the brake lights
Hey man, as far as I know, the
Good enough, let's go back to the
Jimmie hands The Wolf a cup of coffee.
He takes a sip, then, pacing as he thinks, lays out for the
three men the plan of action.
Take the body, stick it in the trunk.
Now Jimmie, this looks to be a pretty
me to believe that in the garage or
under the sink, you got a bunch of
cleansers and cleaners and shit like
Good. What I need you two fellas to
do is take those cleaning products
and clean the inside of the car. And
I'm talkin' fast, fast, fast. You
need to go in the backseat, scoop up
all those little pieces of brain and
skull. Get it out of there.  Wipe
down the upholstery  now when it
comes to upholstery, it don't need
to be spic and span, you don't need
to eat off it. Give it a good once
over. What you need to take care of
are the really messy parts. The pools
of blood that have collected, you
gotta soak that shit up.  But the
windows are a different story.  Them
you really clean. Get the Windex, do
a good job. Now Jimmie, we need to
raid your linen closet. I need
blankets, I need comforters, I need
quilts, I need bedspreads. The thicker
the better, the darker the better.
No whites, can't use 'em. We need to
camouflage the interior of the car.
We're gonna line the front seat and
the backseat and the floor boards
with quilts and blankets. If a cop
stops us and starts stickin' his big
snout in the car, the subterfuge
won't last. But at a glance, the car
will appear to be normal.  Jimmie
lead the way, boys  get to work.
The Wolf and Jimmie turn, heading for the bedroom, leaving
Vincent and Jules standing in the kitchen.
The Wolf stops and turns around.
I said a "please" would be nice.
The Wolf takes a step toward him.
Set is straight, Buster. I'm not
here to say "please."I'm here to
tell you want to do. And if self-
possess, you better fuckin' do it
and do it quick. I'm here to help.
If my help's not appreciated, lotsa
It ain't that way, Mr. Wolf. Your
I don't mean any disrespect. I just
don't like people barkin' orders at
If I'm curt with you, it's because
time is a factor. I think fast, I
talk fast, and I need you guys to
act fast if you want to get out of
this. So pretty please, with sugar
on top, clean the fuckin' car.
Jimmie's gathering all the bedspreads, quilts and linen he
The Wolf is on the phone.
Nothin', except for the mess inside.
You're a good man, Joe. See ya soon.
Jimmie comes over with a handful of linen.
Winston. I want to help you guys out
and all, but that's my best linen.
It was a wedding present from my
Uncle Conrad and Aunt Ginny, and
let me ask you a question, if you
Were you Uncle Conrad and Aunt Ginny
Well, your Uncle Marsellus is. And
I'm positive if Uncle Conrad and
would've furnished you with a whole
Marsellus is more than happy to do.
I like oak myself, that's what's in
my bedroom. How 'bout you Jimmie,
Both Jules and Vincent are inside the car cleaning it up.
Vincent is in the front seat washing windows, while Jules is
in the backseat, picking up little pieces of skull and gobs
Both are twice as bloody as they were before.
I will never forgive your ass for
this shit. This is some fucked-up
Did you ever hear the philosophy
that once a man admits he's wrong,
Man, get outta my face with that
shit! The motherfucker who said that
never had to pick up itty-bitty pieces
of skull with his fingers on account
I got a threshold, Jules. I got a
threshold for the abuse I'll take.
And you're crossin' it. I'm a race
car and you got me in the red. Redline
, that's where you are. Just
know, it's fuckin' dangerous to be
drivin' a race car when it's in the
You're gettin' ready to blow? I'm a
Every time my fingers touch brain
I'm "SUPERFLY T.N.T," I'm the "GUNS
OF NAVARONE." I'm what Jimmie Walker
usta talk about. In fact, what the
fuck am I doin' in the back?  You're
the motherfucker should be on brain
windows and you're pickin' up this
The interior of the car has been cleaned and lined with
bedspreads and quilts. Believe it or not, what looked like a
portable slaughterhouse can actually pass for a non-descript
The Wolf circles the car examining it.
Jules and Vincent stand aside, their clothes are literally a
bloody mess, but they do have a sense of pride in what a
Fine job, gentlemen. We may get out
I can't believe that's the same car.
Well, let's not start suckin' each
other's dicks quite yet. Phase one
is complete, clean the car, which
moves us right along to phase two,
Jules and Vincent stand side by side in their black suits,
covered in blood, in Jimmie's backyard. Jimmie holds a plastic
Hefty trash bag, while The Wolf holds a garden hose with one
As they follow directions, The Wolf enjoys a smoke.
half comes pulling into the driveway.
This morning air is some chilly shit.
Are you sure this is absolutely
You know what you two look like?
Like a couple of guys who just blew
off those bloody rags is absolutely
necessary. Toss the clothes in Jim's
Now Jimmie, don't do nothin' stupid
like puttin' that out in front of
your house for Elmo the garbage man
Don't worry, we're takin' it with
He hands the now-naked men a bar of soap.
Okay gentlemen, you're both been to
County before, I'm sure. Here it
He hits the trigger, water SHOOTS OUT, SMACKING both men.
The two men, trembling, scrub themselves.
Don't be afraid of the soap, spread
The Wolf stops the hose, tossing it on the ground.
Jimmie tosses them each a towel, which they rub furiously
You're dry enough, give 'em their
JULES AND VINCENT In their tee-shirts and swim trunks. They
look a million miles away from the black-suited, bad-asses
planned this better. You guys look
like... what do they look like,
Dorks. They look like a couple of
Ha ha ha. They're your clothes,
I guess you just gotta know how to
Yeah, well, our asses ain't the expert
on wearin' dorky shit that your is.
jokin' our way into prison. Don't
The garbage bag is tossed in the car trunk on top of Marvin.
Gentlemen, let's get our rules of
the road straight. We're going to a
place called Monster Joe's Truck and
Tow. Monster Joe and his daughter
Raquel are sympathetic to out dilemma.
The place is North Hollywood, so a
few twist and turns aside, we'll be
goin' up Hollywood Way. Now I'll
drive the tainted car. Jules, you
ride with me.  Vincent, you follow
in my Porsche. Now if we cross the
path of any John Q. Laws, nobody
does a fuckin' thing 'til I do
How 'bout you, Lash Larue?  Can you
keep your spurs from jingling and
I'm cool, Mr. Wolf. My gun just went
I drive real fuckin' fast, so keep
up. If I get my car back any different
than I gave it, Monster Joe's gonna
Jules and Vincent wait by Winston's Porsche.
Boys, this is Raquel. Someday, all
Hi. You know, if they ever do "I
SPY: THE MOTION PICTURE," you guys,
I'd be great.  What's with the
outfits. You guys going to a
I'm takin' m'lady out to breakfast.
Maybe I can drop you two off. Where
Winston grabs Jules' wrist and pantomimes like he's in a
It's your future: I see... a cab
Sorry guys, move out of the sticks.
I'll see you two around, and stay
I was a pleasure watchin' you work.
He turns and banters with Raquel as they get in the Porsche.
You hear that, young lady? Respect.
You could lean a lot from those two
Just because you are a character
Oh you're so funny, oh you're so
The Porsche SHOOTS OFF down the road.
The two men left alone look at each other.
You know I could go for some
Jules and Vincent sit at a booth. In front of Vincent is a
big stack of pancakes and sausages, which he eats with gusto.
Jules, on the other hand, just has a cup of coffee and a
muffin. He seems far away in thought. The Waitress pours a
I ain't Jewish man, I just don't dig
They're filthy animals. I don't eat
Sausages taste good. Pork chops taste
A sewer rat may taste like pumpkin
pie.  I'll never know 'cause even if
it did, I wouldn't eat the filthy
motherfucker. Pigs sleep and root in
shit. That's a filthy animal. I don't
wanna eat nothin' that ain't got
enough sense to disregard its own
How about dogs? Dogs eat their own
Yes, but do you consider a dog to be
I wouldn't go so far as to call a
dirty. But a dog's got personality.
And personality goes a long way.
So by that rationale, if a pig had a
better personality, he's cease to be
We'd have to be talkin' 'bout one
have to be the Cary Grant of pigs.
Good for you. Lighten up a little.
You been sittin' there all quiet.
I just been sittin' here thinkin'.
The miracle you witnessed. I witnessed
Do you know that a miracle is?
I guess it's when God makes the
Jules, but I don't think what happened
Don't you see, Vince, that shit don't
the wrong way. It's not about what.
It could be God stopped the bullets,
he changed Coke into Pepsi, he found
my fuckin' car keys. You don't judge
shit like this based on merit. Whether
or not what we experienced was an
is I felt God's touch, God got
That's what's fuckin' wit' me! I
don't know why. But I can't go back
Vincent takes a bite of food. Jules takes a sip of coffee In
the b.g., we see a PATRON call the Waitress.
We recognize the patron to be Pumpkin from the first scene
So if you're quitting the life,
That's what I've been sitting here
deliver this case to Marsellus. Then,
basically, I'm gonna walk the earth.
What do you mean, walk the earth?
You know, like Caine in "KUNG FU."
Just walk from town to town, meet
How long do you intend to walk the
Until God puts me where he want me
If it takes forever, I'll wait
So you decided to be a bum?
I'll just be Jules, Vincent  no
No Jules, you're gonna be like those
pieces of shit out there who beg for
change. They walk around like a bunch
of fuckin' zombies, they sleep in
garbage bins, they eat what I throw
away, and dogs piss on 'em. They got
a word for 'em, they're called bums.
And without a job, residence, or
Look my friend, this is just where
doubt about it  but it wasn't water
If you find my answers frightening,
I gotta take a shit. To be continued.
Jules, alone, takes a mouthful of muffin, then... Pumpkin
and Honey Bunny rise with guns raised.
Everybody be cool, this is a robbery!
Any of you fuckin' pricks move and
I'll execute every one of you
Jules looks up, not believing what he's seeing. Under the
table, Jules' hand goes to his . Automatic. He pulls it
Now mean fuckin' now! Do it or die,
Like lightning, Pumpkin moves over to the kitchen. While
Honey Bunny SCREAMS out threats to the PATRONS, keeping them
You Mexicans in the kitchen, get out
Three COOKS and two BUSBOYS come out of the kitchen.
On the floor or I'll cook you ass,
They comprende. The portly MANAGER speaks up.
I'm the manager here, there's no
You're gonna give me a problem?
He reaches him and sticks the barrel of his gun hard in the
What? You said you're gonna give me
No, I'm not. I'm not gonna give you
I don't know, Honey Bunny. He looks
like the hero type to me!
Don't take any chances. Execute him!
The Patrons SCREAM. Jules watches all this silently, his
hand tightly gripping the . Automatic under the table.
Please don't! I'm not a hero. I'm
just a coffee shop manager. Take
Tell everyone to cooperate and it'll
Everybody just be calm and cooperate
with them and this will be all over
Well done, now git your fuckin' ass
Vincent, on the toilet, oblivious to the pandemonium outside,
Cash register drawer opens. Pumpkin stuffs the money from
the till in his pocket. Then walks from behind the counter
with a trash bag in his hand.
Okay people, I'm going to go 'round
and collect your wallets. Don't talk,
just toss 'em in the bag. We clear?
Pumpkin goes around collecting wallets. Jules sits with his
. ready to spit under the table.
Pumpkin sees Jules sitting in his booth, holding his wallet,
briefcase next to him. Pumpkin crosses to him, his tone more
respectful, him manner more on guard.
Jules DROPS his wallet in the bag. Using his gun as a pointer,
You boss makes you do his laundry?
Funny, I've been thinkin' the same
Jules' free hand lays palm flat on the briefcase.
Pumpkin is definitely surprised by his answer. He aims the
gun right in the middle of Jules' face and pulls back the
This exchange has been kind of quiet, not everybody heard
it, but Honey Bunny senses something's wrong.
Looks like we got a vigilante in our
I don't mean to shatter your ego,
but this ain't the first time I've
You don't open up that case, it's
Quit causing problems, you'll get us
all killed! Give 'em what you got
and get 'em out of here.
Keep your fuckin' mouth closed, fat
man, this ain't any of your goddamn
I'm countin' to three, and if your
hand ain't off that case, I'm gonna
unload right in your fuckin' face.
Jules raises his hand off the briefcase.
Jules flips the locks and opens the case, revealing it to
Pumpkin but not to us. The same light SHINES from the case.
Pumpkin's expression goes to amazement. Honey Bunny, across
What is it? What is it?
Is that what I think it is?
Jules SLAMS the case closed, then sits back, as if offering
the case to Pumpkin. Pumpkin, one big smile, bends over to
Like a rattlesnake, Jules' free hand GRABS the wrist of
Pumpkin's gun hand, SLAMMING it on the table. His other hand
comes from under the table and STICKS the barrel of his .
Honey Bunny freaks out, waving her gun in Jules' direction.
Let him go! Let him go! I'll blow
your fuckin' head off! I'll kill ya!
I'll kill ya! You're gonna die, you're
Tell that bitch to be cool! Say,
bitch be cool! Say, bitch be cool!
Tell her it's gonna be okay.
Whenever Jules talks to Yolanda, he never looks at her, only
So, we cool Yolanda? We ain't gonna
gonna be like three Fonzies. And
gonna be, we're gonna be cool.
Now Ringo, I'm gonna count to three
and I want you to let go your gun
and lay your palms flat on the table.
But when you do it, do it cool. Ready?
Pumpkin lets go of his gun and places both hands on the table.
Yolanda, I thought you were gonna be
cool.  When you yell at me, it makes
me nervous.  When I get nervous, I
Just know: you hurt him, you die.
That seems to be the situation. Now
I don't want that and you don't want
that and Ringo here don't want that.
So let's see what we can do.
Now this is the situation. Normally
both of your asses would be dead as
happened to pull this shit while I'm
in a transitional period. I don't
wanna kill ya, I want to help ya.
But I'm afraid I can't give you the
case. It don't belong to me. Besides,
I went through too much shit this
morning on account of this case to
just hand it over to your ass.
What the fuck's goin' on here?
Yolanda WHIPS her gun toward the stranger.
Vincent, by the bathroom, has his gun out, dead-aimed at
It's cool, Vincent! It's cool! Don't
do a goddamn thing. Yolanda, it's
It's cool, Honey Bunny, we're still
What the hell's goin' on, Jules?
Nothin' I can't handle. I want you
to just hang back and don't do shit
I gotta go pee! I want to go home.
Just hang in there, baby, you're
doing' great, Ringo's proud of you
and so am I.  It's almost over.
Now I want you to go in that bag and
It's the one that says Bad
Pumpkin looks in the bag and  sure enough  there's a wallet
with "Bad Motherfucker" embroidered on it.
That's my bad motherfucker. Now open
it up and take out the cash. How
Put it in your pocket, it's yours.
Now with the rest of them wallets
and the register, that makes this a
Jules, if you give this nimrod fifteen
hundred buck, I'm gonna shoot 'em on
You ain't gonna do a goddamn thing,
now hang back and shut the fuck up.
Besides, I ain't givin' it to him.
I'm buyin' somethin' for my money.
Wanna know what I'm buyin' Ringo?
Your life. I'm givin' you that money
so I don't hafta kill your ass. You
There's a passage I got memorized.
Ezekiel :. "The path of the
righteous man is beset on all sides
by the inequities of the selfish and
the tyranny of evil men.  Blessed is
he who, in the name of charity and
good will, shepherds the weak through
the valley of the darkness. For he
is truly his brother's keeper and
the finder of lost children. And I
will strike down upon thee with great
who attempt to poison and destroy my
brothers. And you will know I am the
Lord when I lay my vengeance upon
you." I been sayin' that shit for
years.  And if you ever heard it, it
meant your ass. I never really
questioned what it meant. I thought
it was just a coldblooded thing to
say to a motherfucker 'fore you popped
a cap in his ass. But I saw some
shit this mornin' made me think twice.
Now I'm thinkin', it could mean you're
the evil man. And I'm the righteous
man.  And Mr. . here, he's the
in the valley of darkness. Or is
could by you're the righteous man
and I'm the shepherd and it's the
world that's evil and selfish.  I'd
like that. But that shit ain't the
truth. The truth is you're the weak.
And I'm the tyranny of evil men. But
I'm tryin'. I'm tryin' real hard to
Jules lowers his gun, lying it on the table.
Pumpkin looks at him, to the money in his hand, then to
Grabbing the trash bag full of wallets, the two RUN out the
Jules, who was never risen from his seat the whole time,
I think we oughta leave now.
Vincent throws some money on the table and Jules grabs the
Then, to the amazement of the Patrons, the Waitresses, the
Cooks, the Bus Boys, and the Manager, these two bad-ass dudes
wearing UC Santa Cruz and "I'm with Stupid" tee-shirts,
swim trunks, thongs and packing . Automatics  walk out of
the coffee shop together without saying a word.
          Who's that stumblin around in the dark?
State your business, or prepare to get
          Calm yourselves gentlemen, I mean you no
harm. I'm simply a fellow weary traveler.
The Rider dressed in business grey pulls his horse to a stop in front
of the two Slavers, and their Slaves, lifting the lantern up to his
face. He speaks with a slight German accent.
Good evening-I'm looking for a pair of
slave traders that go by the'name of
The Speck Brothers. Might that be you?
          I do. I'm Dr. King Schultz, and this
Fritz, does a little bow with his head, a neat trick the doctor taught
Dentist. Are you The Speck Brothers, and did you
purchase those men at The Greenville.Slave Auction?
So, I wish to parley with you.
Oh, I'm sorry. Please forgive me, it is a
I've been led to believe, is a specimen
Hello you poor devils. Is there one among
you, who was formerly a resident of
Since Roy in lead position is the one holding the lantern, the second
half of the slave centipede falls off into darkness. In the darkness a
Dr.Schultz moves Fritz forward towards the darkness, raises his
Splendid! And what's your name young, man?
Wunderbar! You're exactly the one I'm looking
for. So tell me Django - by the way that's a
amazing name - during your time at the
Carrucan Plantation, did you come to know
three overseers by the name of The Brittle
Big John, Ellis, and little brother Raj?
So Django, do you think you could recognize -
. The Speck Brothers have been watching this tenderfoot engage their
Slave in polite conversation.. .with a touch of disbelief.
          Hey, stop talkin' to him like that!
My good man, I'm simply trying to ascertain
Everybody calm down! I'm simply a customer
          I don't care, no sale. Now off wit ya!
Don't be ridiculous, of course they're for
Ace raises his rifle towards the German.
Ace cocks back the rifle hammer.
My good man, did you simply get carried away
with your dramatic gesture, or are you
pointing that weapon at me with lethal
The doctor, throws his lantern to the ground, enveloping him in
The next FLASH OF LIGHT we see is the good doctors PISTOL out of his
holster, and FIRING point blank into Ace Specks face...
.BLOWING the dumber dumb brother off his horse, dead in the dirt.
Before Dicky can maneuver either his rifle or his horse in the Germans
           SHOOTS his HORSE in the head...
.The Steed goes down taking Dicky with him...
When the dead weight horse lands on Dicky's slightly twisted leg, we
Dicky lets out a bitch like scream.
The Slaves watch all this. They've never seen a white man kill another
Dicky is pinned down under his ole paint.
Django watches in the dark, the German climb down off his horse,
pick up Ace's discarded lantern, and walk over to the remaining Speck.
Sorry about putting a bullet in your beast.
But I didn't want you to do anything rash
before you had a moment to come to your senses.
Dr.Sch.ultz LIGHTS the lantern, illuminating himself, as he stands over
          You goddamn son of a bitch, you killed Ace!
I only shot your brother, once he threatened
to shoot me. And I do believe I have ...
          .one, two, three, four, five, six,
seven witnesses who can attest to that fact.
No doubt. Now, if you can keep your
caterwauling down to a minimum, I'd like
to finish my line of inquiry with young Django.
          As I was saying, if you were to see
the Brittle Brothers again, would you
Now I'm sure. to you, all unshaven white men
look alike. So Django, in a crowd of
unshaven white men, can you honestly
and positively point out The Brittle Brothers?
          We're in his little shack at the Carrucan Plantation. It's PISSING RAIN
outside. Django is making love to his wife Broomhilda, when she stops
letting out a shout. The three overseers known as THE BRITTLE BROTHERS
are outside peeking in through the window. They BURST in through the
front door. Soaked to the bone, they rodeo bull their way into the
shack, and make the two slaves continue fucking for their amusement.
As Django and Broomhilda are forced to copulate, they run their wet
white hands down her chocolate leg.. .they fondle his ass.. .they squeeze
her tit. . .they bring a belt across Django's backside to make him fuck
faster. . .then they yank him off, as BIG JOHN climbs on top of
Broomhilda..the other Brittle brothers whip Django with their belts,
and make him sit in the corner, while they finish with his wife.
Sold American! So Mr.Speck, how much for
Yes, unless you find a talented physician
very quickly, I'm afraid that will be the.
end result. But back to business, how much
Don't be silly. How much for Django?
Oh come now, I may not have the experience in
the slave trade that you and your family does,
but neither was I born yesterday.
          The. good doctor removes a pamphlet from his grey suit coat pocket.
In this most helpful pamphlet that I picked
up at The Greenville Slave Auction, it says
that the going rate for African flesh'
- in particularly a field nigger -_is sixty
to eighty dollars. Now handsome no doubt as
Django is, technically, he is a field. nigger.
Which according to"this pamphlet here - and
why would they lie - puts his price at
eighty dollars. So in light of that, how
bout a hundred and twenty five dollars for
Dr.Schultz removes his long billfold from his pocket, and takes out a
one hundred dollar bill, two tens and a fiver.
And since your late brother. won't be using
it anymore, I'd like to purchase his nag.
He removes a twenty dollar gold piece from his. pocket, and tosses it on
Dicky's body. He bends down and, puts the paper money-.in the saddle bags
on Dicky's dead horse. With.his hands in there, he roots around and
finds the keys to-the leg irons. He unlocks Django's leg irons.
There you go Django,. Give your ankles a good
rubbing, then get up on that horse.
Also, if I was you, I'd take that winter
coat the dear departed Speck left behind.
Django removes the coat from the dead slaver. Puts on the warm jacket
over his bare back, and climbs up on Ace Specks horse.
Dr.Schultz turns to Dicky on the ground.
Mr.Speck, I am afraid I will require a
bill of sale. Do you have one?
He says, removing a notebook from his pocket;
I thought not. No worries, I come prepared.
This will serve nicely as a bill of sale.
Django is spelled with a silent "D",
He writes it in his book with a silent "D", then stops to admire the
Yes, that does add a little character.
The German dentist lowers himself by the Speck brother pinned down
under his horse, and hands him the notebook and pen.
If you'd be so kind Speck, as to make your
The. Hillbilly spits in the German gentleman's face. The good doctor
wipes his face with a handkerchief. Then takes out a pocket knife.
And whispers something that can't be heard in the slavers ear.
He signs the bill of sale.
Mr.Speck, I would like to say it was a
pleasure doing business with you, but your
customer service leaves a lot to be desired.
The good doctor climbs back up on Fritz, and looks to the six Slaves, in
Now as to you poor devils.
He tosses to Pudgy Ralph the keys to the shackles.
So as I.see it, when it comes to the subject
of what to do next, you gentlemen have two
choices. One, once I'm gone, you lift that
beast off the remaining Speck, then carry him
to the nearest town. Which would be at least
thirty-seven miles back the way you came.
.Two, you unshackle yourselves, take that
rifle over there. . .put a bullet in his head,
bury the two of them deep, and make your way
to a more enlightened area of the country.
He's just about ready to ride off, when the good doctor adds;
Oh, and on the off chance that there's
the North Star is THAT ONE. Tata.
He looks to Django, who doesn't know how to start his horse.
Just give him a little kick.
Django does, and the horse responds by moving.
          The DAWN BREAKS on a western landscape. The two men ride their horses
silently, horse hooves CLIP-CLOPPING among the rocks. Django wears
Specks winter coat, with one of Dr.Schultz's white button down dress
shirts underneath it. As they ride through the picturesque scene...
So, Django, what do you intend to name him?
          No it ain't, it's your horse. I'm just riding
Well, technically, yes - Wait a minute -
technically not. If it's my horse, I can
give it to you, and as of now, I'm doing such.
Django, you're now the proud owner of a horse,
          I can't feed no horse. I can't put no horse
They ride a bit longer in silence.. .the good doctor composes himself...
So... . now that that's settled... . what do you
intend to name it? Half the fun of having
a horse is choosing his name. For instance
my steed is named Fritz. He's stubborn,
ornery, and prone to a bad disposition, but I
Anyway, the name of one's steed, isn't
something one does lightly. So once you've
thought about it for awhile -
          - I dunno, Tony the horse.
Oh, you mean you want to name your horse
          Yeah. That's what you jus' asked me, right?
When you're right you're right, indeed I did.
          I gotta tell ya? You didn't tell me I gotta
As they continue to converse, they start heading downhill toward a
western town. They pass by a sign that says; "WELCOME TO DAUGHTREY,
Well I'm naturally curious, of course, but
there's no reason you MUST tell me. In fact
an air of mystery adds a dash of panache to
any steed. And I do believe Tony wears it
well. Good job Django, well done.
          As the citizens of Daughtrey wake up, Django and Dr.Schultz ride Fritz
and Tony through the main street of town..Daughtrey looks like a
million western towns we've seen before in movies. But to the
TOWNSPEOPLE of Daughtrey, Django and the German don't look like a
          They never seen a nigger on a horse before.
What's this bizarre obsession they have
Dr.Schultz stops Fritz in front of a saloon, and dismounts. Django has
a little trouble both stopping Tony and getting off him, but it gets
done. Dr.Schultz keeps bombarding The Slave with questions.
So what other archaic rituals are you people
As per usual with this white man, Django thinks; "What"?
I'm just trying to get a clear idea on what
you can do, and what you can't do, and if
you can't do it, why can't you do it?
Like for instance, what if we were to walk
in this saloon here, sit down at a table,
order a drink, and drink it?
Would the authorities frown on that?
What part would they find the most offensive?
          All of it. I can't be walkin' in no saloon.
I can't be sittin' my ass on no chair,
at no table. I can't be drinkin' no drink.
And I definitely can't be sharin' no drink,
with no white man, in public.
So if you and I did those things, that would
be considered enough of a infraction to make
the saloon keeper go get the sheriff?
          You bet your sweet ass they get the sheriff.
The good doctor extends his hand towards the saloon entrance.
Well in that case Django, after you.
          Whoa - I ain't funnin, I can't go in there.
Django you're going to have to learn to trust
me, and as the man said; "There's no time
He takes Django by the arm and leads him into the entryway of the
          The nervous black slave and the confident German'dentist walk into the
The SALOON KEEPER  is high up on a chair placed high up on a
table, to change a candle in the saloons chandelier. His back is turned
Good morning inn keeper, two beers for two
          It',s still pretty early, we won't be open
for about a hour. But by then we'll be
He turns around and sees them.
          Whoa! What the hell you think you doin' boy,
          It's about five minutes later, and the Saloon Keeper comes running out
of the bar to get the Sheriff.
When Dr.Schultz, sitting at a table with the young Django, calls;
Inn keeper! Remember, get the sheriff, not
the marshall. This wouldn't be the marshalls
on what I assume is a simple county ordinance,
and that would fall under the domain of the
The two men sit by themselves in the empty saloon.
It looks like we must act as our own bartender.
The German stands up, and walks-behind the bar, and pours two beer's
from the tap into mugs. Django remains seated, and after a beat, asks;
This makes the doctor laugh, as he pours the beer's.
I haven't practiced dentistry in five years -
Not to say once I know you better, I wouldn't
like to get a look at that mouth - I'm sure
it's a disaster - But these days I practice
a new profession ... . Bounty Hunter.
This gets no reaction from Django.
Do you know what a Bounty Hunter is?
The Black Man shakes his head, no.
As the good doctor, walks back to the table carrying the mugs of beer,
Well the way the slave trade deals in
human lives for cash, a bounty hunter,
The state places a bounty on a man's head.
I track that man, I find that man, I kill
that man. After I've killed him, I transport
that man's corpse back to the authorities -
and sometimes that's easier said then done.
I show that corpse to the authorities -
proving, yes indeed, I have truly killed him
- At which point, the authorities pay me
The two men touch glasses, and take a drink.
          You kill people and they give you a reward?
Mostly. A few Mexicans. Couple Chinamen.
Badder they are, bigger the reward.
Which brings me to you, and I must admit
I'm at a bit of a quandary when it comes
to you. On one hand, I despise slavery.
On the other hand, I need your help,
and if you're not in a position to refuse,
all the better. So for the time being,
I'm going to make this slave malarkey
          Still... . having said that, .I feel guilty.
So... I'd like the two of us to enter into
an agreement. I'm looking for The Brittle Brothers,
however in this endeavor I'm at a slight
disadvantage, in so far as, I don't know
what they look like. But you do... .dont'cha?
          Django, back at The Carrucan Plantation, held down by Roger and Ellis
Brittle, as Big John BURNS the "r" into his cheek with a BRANDING IRON.
          I know what they look like, all right.
Good. So, here's my agreement. You travel
with me till we find them -
I hear at least two of them are overseeing
up in Gatlinburg, but I don't know where.
That means we visit every plantation in
Gatlinburg till we find them. And when we
find them, you point them out, and I kill
them. You do that, I agree to give you
your freedom... . twenty-five dollars per
dollars... . your horse, Tony even though
I've already gave him to you -- but once the
final Brittle brother lies dead in the
dust, I'll buy you a new saddle, and a
new suit of clothes, handsome cowboy hat
Dr.Schultz's eyes go to the saloon window.
And as if on cue... . here comes the sheriff.
          We see the sheriff, BILL SHARP, walk towards the saloon cradling a
Winchester. Some TOWNSPEOPLE  stand around to
watch. A. YOUNG BOY leads a herd of BABY GOATS through town.
Sheriff Sharp stands in the middle of the street.
          Okay boys, fun's over, come on out.
Both the doctor and Django stand up and walk to the front porch.
As they do, The Sheriff says;
          Now why y'all wanna come into my town,
start trouble, and scare all these nice
people? You ain't got nothin' better to
do, then to come into Bill Sharps town
From his top step on the porch, Dr. King Schultz extends his hand
toward the sheriff, as if to shake it... :.
          A SMALL DERRINGER - POPS into Schultz's hand from a metal sliding
apparatus concealed under his jacket sleeve. Once in hand, the dentist
FIRES one tiny bullet into the belly of Bill Sharp.
The tiny gun makes a tiny POP sound.
The shocked Bill Sharp lets out a ugly groan, and doubles over in the
As Schultz walks down the porch steps, to the fallen sheriff, reloading
his tiny pop shooter, a PEDESTRIAN yells out;
          What did you jus' do to our sheriff?
Dr.Schultz answers him by putting another tiny bullet in the law man's
In the background, ONE WOMAN faints. The Boy and his Goats scatter.
Dr.Schultz looks over at the Saloon Keeper, across the street.
Now you can go get the marshall.
          U.S.MARSHALL GILL TATUM snaps the MENFOLK OF Daughtrey to attention.
          Move that buckboard over there long ways
across the street from the saloon. And I
want six men and six Winchesters behind it.
And I want two men with two rifles on this
roof, and two men with two rifles on that
roof, with all barrels pointed at that
front door. And somebody git poor Bill
          Cowboys with rifles climb up stairs to take position on the roof of the
building across the street from the saloon.
The Marshall directs the buckboard being moved into place.
The last SNIPER on the rooftop takes his position.
          Dr.Schultz sits behind the piano playing a catchy little saloon number.
He seems skilled enough to be a professional western saloon piano
player. A terrified Django, who's sure his new master is a lunatic
who's going to get them both killed, peeks out the closed curtains
Dr.Schultz's suit coat sits draped over a chair. All of his weapons,
including his metal sliding rail Derringer contraption, lie on a table.
He plays piano in his button down dress shirt and gray suit vest.
          I think they wonderin' why you playin'
          A buncha white folks brought a buckboard
around out front, now they hidin' behind it
with guns. And a buncha other white folks
are up on the roof, with rifles pointed
Damn, they got that organized fast. Is the
          If the one I think is the.marshall is the
What makes you think he's the marshall?
          Cause he's the one ready to say somethin'.
          We got eleven Winchesters on every way
outta that buildin'! You got once chance
git outta this alive! You and your nigger
come out right now with your hands over
your head, and I mean, right now!
First things first! Is this the marshall
I have the pleasure of addressing?
          Yes it is, this is U.S. Marshall Gill Tatum.
Wunderbar! So marshall, I have relieved
myself of all weapons, and just as you
have instructed, I'm ready to step outside
with my hands raised above my head.
I trust as a representative of the
criminal justice system of The United
States of America, I shant be shot down
in the street, by either you or your deputies,
before I've had my day in court.
          You mean like you did our sheriff? Shot
'em down like a dog in the street!
Yes, that's exactly what I mean! Do I
have your word as a lawman not to shoot
me down like a dog in the street?
          Well, as much as we'd all enjoy seein'
somethin' like that, ain't nobody gonna
cheat the hangman in my town!
          They're a little tense out there. So don't
make any quick movements, and let me do
Django looks at him like, "as if..."
          A lot of guns are trained on the front door of the saloon.
Outside of range, the WHOLE TOWN watches the stand off.
The saloon doors open, and Dr.Schultz and Django, hands raised, step
Yes indeed we are. Marshall Tatum, may I
address you, your deputies, and apparently
the entire town of Daughtrey, as to the
My name is Dr.King Schultz. And like
yourself, marshall, I am a servant of the
court. The man lying dead in the dirt,
who the good people of Daughtrey saw fit
to elect as their sheriff, who went by
the name of Bill Sharp, is actually a
wanted outlaw by the name of Willard Peck,
with a price on his head of two hundred
dollars. That's two hundred dollars, dead
I'.m aware this is probably disconcerting
news. But I'm willing to wager this man
was elected sheriff sometime in the last
two years. I know this because. three years
ago he was rustling cattle from,
The B.C. Corrigan Cattle Company of
In my possession. is a warrant made out by
circuit court Judge Henry Allen Laudermilk
of Austin Texas. You are encouraged to wire him.
He will back up who I am, and who your
The Menfolk of the town with rifles, begin trading looks. Then
Dr.Schultz delivers the coup de grace.
In other words marshall, you owe me
          Django and Dr.Schultz, who by now have ridden quite a few miles
together, ride their horses in the Tennessee countryside, on the way to
Gatlinburg. Dr.Schultz is dressed in one of his nearly identical grey
business suits, and Django is still dressed in his slave pants,
Schultz's button down dress shirt, and Ace Speck's winter coat.
Somewhere along the way a pair of shoes have appeared on'his feet.
One needs a plan, son. These are brutal
times. A man who survives, is a man with
a plan. A man who thrives, is a man with
a good plan. So, having said that, what's
Well, after this Brittle business is behind
us, you'll be a free man, with a horse, and
seventy five dollars in your back pocket.
          Find my wife, and buy her freedom.
Django, I had no idea you were a married man.
Do most slaves take the institution of
          I dunno. They put us in different boxcars,
and sent U.S to The Greenville Slave Auction.
She got sold two days 'fore me.
But I don't know who to.
Dr.Schultz takes out a long stick of beef jerky.
Dr.Schultz rips him off a piece. Django chews on it. As he chews,
So your plan is to trackdowri your wife, and
purchase her.freedom? Only you don't know
A chewing Django nods his head, yes.
Dr.Schultz, takes a big bite of jerky, chews for a "moment contemplating
Well that shouldn't be all that difficult.
So how long ago did all this happen?
and shewassold at The Greenville Slave
The bad part about slavery being a business,
is it's immoral. The good part about it being
a business is, they keep records. Somewhere
in Greenville there's a book with your wife's
name in it, and the name of the customer who
bought her, and more then likely their address.
But then Schultz seems to get second thoughts.
Still, seventy-five dollars in your back
pocket is a pretty nice grub steak, but it's
not going to get you very far in Greenville.
Not to mention a slave auction town in
Mississippi isn't the safest place you could
Yes you will. But say you show them to some
rascals, and they take them from you and
I'm not saying they would, but they could.
          They do that I'll kill 'em.
Great! Now you get hung for killin' a white
man. The point being is the place,is just
          Well I gotta go, when do I go?
          Muddy and wet big city Chattanooga. We're in the back of a STORE that.
sells SERVANT/HOUSE NIGGER UNIFORMS. Django comes bursting out of the
stores back door. He's very distressed. One glance at the outfit he's
          is dressed in a powder blue satin Little Lord Fauntleroy outfit, that
wouldn't be out of place in the court of Marie Antoinette at
Django, you have to, it's part of "The Act".
You're playing a character. Your character
is The Valet. This is what The Valet wears.
Remember what I told you. During the act,
          We see Dr. Schultz, riding slightly in front of Django, dressed in his
blue satin Little Lord Fauntleroy outfit, as they enter the property of
BENNETT MANOR, a plantation in Gatlinburg, Tennessee. Django leads a
riderless horse, behind him and Tony.
As the two men ride their horses up the road that leads to the front
steps of Bennett Manor, alongside the cotton fields, all the SLAVES
stop picking cotton, and straighten their bent backs up to stare in
The patriarch of Bennett Manor, SPENCER "BIG DADDY" BENNETT, dressed in
a fancy leisure suit of the day, emerges from the double doors of the
mansion, and stands on the top steps, hands on hips, watching the white
man and black man move from the background to the foreground.
While there are plenty BLACK MALES out in the cotton fields, the
majority of the slave population of Bennett Manor is pretty.BLACK
FEMALES, fourteen to twenty-four, referred to as, "PONY'S".
The biggest money making crop of this farm, after cotton.
As Dr.Schultz and fancy pants Django, bring Fritz and Tony to a stop
in front of Bennett Manor, they've drawn quite a crowd of SLAVES,
BENNETT FAMILY MEMBERS, and WHITE WORKERS .
Spencer Bennett keeps on the top step so he won't be forced to look up
at the darkee on the horse.
          It's against the law for niggers to ride
This is my valet, and my valet doesn't walk.
His name is Django, he's a free man, and
he can ride what he pleases.
          Not on my.property, around my niggers
My good sir, perhaps we got off on the
wrong boot. Allow me to unring this bell.
My name is Dr.King Schultz, this is my
valet, Django, and these are our horses,
This makes the pretty PONY'S surrounding Bennett, giggle.
Mr. Bennett, I've been lead to believe you
are a gentleman, and a business man.
And it is in these capacities that we've
ridden from Texas to Tennessee to talk
I wish to purchase one of your
          You and your Jimmie rode from Texas to
Tennessee, to buy one of my nigger gals,
          Well what if I say, I don't like you, or
your fancy pants. nigger, and I wouldn't
sell you a tinkers damn - what'cha gotta
Mr. Bennett, if you are the business man,
I've been led to believe you to be,
I have five thousand things I might say,
i This gets everybody's attention, not least of all Spencer Bennett.
          C'mon inside, get yourself something' cool
The incognito bounty hunter, dismounts his steed, as does Django.
Then the good doctor walks up the steps to Bennett Manor.
Maybe while we discuss business, you
could provide one of your loveliest black
creatures to escort Django here around
A pretty, fleshy, sweet jelled, twenty-two year old slave gal named
          Betina sugar, take Django around the
grounds. Show 'em all the pretty stuff.
Dr.Schultz lowers his voice, and says to the plantation owner;
Mr. Bennett, I must remind, you, Django is a
free man. He cannot be treated like a slave.
Within the bounds of good taste, he must be
treated as an extension of myself.
          Django isn't a slave. Django is a free
man. Do you understand? You're not to treat
him like any of these other niggers around
here, cause he ain't like any of these
other niggers around here. Ya got it?
          Ya want I should treat 'em like white
          No that's not what I said.
          Then I don't know what'cha want Big Daddy.
          What's the name of that peckawood boy from
town works with the glass? His mama works
at the lumber yard? He comes by and fixes
the winda's when we have a problem?
The MAMMY OF BENNETT MANOR chimes in;
          Yeah, that's the boy's name, Jerry.
          Well that's it then... just treat 'em
          Away from the big house, Betina gives Django a tour of the grounds.
Her in her slave get up, complete with handkerchief on her head, and
him in his satin baby blue Little Lord Fauntleroy outfit, are quite
the pair. She eyeballs him disapprovingly up and down.
          Didn't you hear him tell ya, I ain't no slave.
          You mean you wanna dress like that?
          Both Spencer Bennett and Dr.Schultz sit on the back porch drinking
I've been'told by those who should know,
the most exquisite African flesh in the
state of Tennessee is bred right here on
your land. And from the look of these
black angels, my sources weren't wrong.
          Oh I got my share of, coal blacks, horse
faces, and gummy mouth bitches out in the
field. But the lion share of my lady
Well that's what I'm looking for, a show
pony for young Django. So the only
question that remains is, do you have a
nigger here worth five thousand dollars?
          Betina and Django walk by a big tree on the plantation grounds.
The cotton fields and the SLAVES picking it, in the background.
          Betina, come over here, I need to ask
He moves her by the tree for more privacy. Betina thinks this fancy
pants wants to get all lovey-dovey, and she couldn't be less interested.
          I'm lookin' for three white men. Three
          Yes, Brittle. John Brittle. Ellis Brittle.
And Roger Brittle, sometimes called, Little Raj.
          They could be usin' a different name.
They woulda' come to the plantation in
          Can you point one of 'em out to me?
          Well ones over in that field.
She points to the cotton field, at a OVERSEER on top of a horse, whip
in hand, eyeing the blacks at his mercy.
Django takes hold of a little bag slung over his shoulder opens it, and
takes out a shiny brass SPYGLASS, the type a sea captain might use.
Obviously a prop from Dr.Schultz. He slides it open, places it against
his eye, and points it in the direction of a figure out in the cotton
          Astride his nag, the filthy hillbilly, who calls himself SHAFFER, but
who Django knows to be ELLIS BRITTLE, looks on, oblivious to Django's
          He remembers Ellis Brittle BURNING a "r" into Broomhilda's cheek with a
          Is that who you lookin' for?
He folds the spyglass back up, and puts it back in his purse.
          They by the stable, punishin' Little Jody
She points to a shed, and keeps pointing right.
          You go to that shed, and keep goin' that way.
Which means; "Go to the shed and turn right."
          Go git that white man, I came here with.
He slaps her ass, to hurry her up.
Then looks to the shed, and begins crossing the distance between him
          A memory from The Carrucan Plantation; The Brittle Brothers giving his
PEELIN' : A punishment by bullwhip, across the back.
LITTLE RAJ makes a line in the dirt with the heel of his boot.
Making Django stand behind it, as he watches his wife being whipped.
BIG JOHN BRITTLE SLASHES the beauty of Broomhilda's back with his
          DJANGO, keeping behind the line, begs Big John for mercy.
          Please Big John, she won't do it no more!
          Whoa nigger, calm down, keep it funny.
Django gets on his knees, and on behalf of Broomhild.a, begs Big John
          crossing the lawn towards The Brittle Brothers, like an express train.
          Big John Brittle standing over him, bullwhip in hand, saying to the
          I like the way you beg, boy.
          Little Raj Brittle, ties LITTLE JODY, a petite slave girl 
BIG JOHN BRITTLE paces, taking a few practice CRACKS with his WHIP.
LITTLE JODY begs The Shaffer Brothers/The Brittle Brothers for mercy.
ROGER goes and sits on a old wagon wheel to watch the whippin'.
          Now Jody quit your caterwaulin'. You know
yourself it's for your own good. Niggers
are clumsy. You'd break everything in
goddamn sight, you weren't cured. And the
only known cure for nigger clumsiness
          As Django in his powder blue satin suit hurries across the grass to
Little Jody and The Brittle Brothers, he collects eight little friends
who happily run along with the fast walking man. EIGHT LITTLE FRENCH
BULLDOGS who bark, yelp, snort and breath at his heels.. Django pays the
          In position to take the skin off of Little Jody's back.
          After this we'll see if you break eggs again.
          turns the corner to the stable, and stands behind them. They don't see
him. Big John rears back to make the first WHIP LASH...
Big John breaks his whip stride, looks. up, and in a discarded full
length broken mirror from the big house, laying abandoned against the
stable wall, he see's DJANGO, dressed in his powder blue satin Little
Lord Flauntleroy outfit, surrounded by his pack of little French
LITTLE JODY on her knees, tied to the dead tree stump, looks up see's
the same thing in the mirror.
LITTLE RAJ looks to his left at the sounds of the voice.
BIG JOHN turns toward Django, who he still doesn't recognize.
BIG JOHN smile disappears. He recognizes Django.
Django crosses toward Big John, raising up his arm like he's going to
.Django extends his arm, and Dr.Schultz's Derringer arm
contraption,. POPS the TINY GUN into his hand, and he FIRES a tiny
bullet smack dab into BIG JOHN'S MERCILESS HEART.
          goes into shock... .he falls to his knees...he looks up, clutching his
          I like the way you die, boy.
          Big John hears it...then tips over dead.
LITTLE JODY can't believe what she's just seen.
FOUR OTHER SLAVES who just happen to be walking in the background, see
LITTLE RAJ is stunned ... . then comes to his senses, fumbling for the
gun he wears on his hip, but since he's no gunman, in his haste, he
gets it out of his holster, but drops it on the ground.
SHOOTING himself in the foot, he HOPS UP AND DOWN in pain.
The Bulldogs scatter at the sound. of the BANG.
DJANGO picks Big John's WHIP off the ground., and begins WHIPPING
LITTLE RAJ across the face and chest.
          whips him on the ground, then throws the whip to the ground, picks
Roger's pistol off the ground, and empties it  into Roger.
To say the slaves are flabbergasted, is a understatement.
Dr.Schultz rides his horse up quickly, rifle in his hand. He sees
Django, and the two dead bodies.
          That's John Brittle, and that's his
          He's the one hightailin' it across that
Ellis Brittle riding his horse full out through the cotton field trying
          goes to his eye, he follows the rider with his rifle barrel.
You don't know if you're positive?
          Yes I'm sure that's Ellis Brittle.
          The German picks the middle Brittle brother off his horse.
The dead man WIPES OUT horribly in the thick cotton brush.
RED BLOOD splashes on WHITE COTTON.
The German and Django have the entire plantation's attention.
Spencer Bennett , his SONS and his OVERSEERS,
and some HOUSE NIGGERS come around like a angry mob.
The German tosses his rifle in the dirt, and raises his hands.
Django does the same with his pistol.
Everybody calm down, we mean no one else any harm!
          Just who the hell are you two jokers?
I am Dr.King Schultz, a legal representative
of the criminal justice system of the
United States of America. The man to my
left is Django Freeman, he's my. deputy.
In my pocket is a warrant signed by circuit
court judge Henry Allen Laudermilk of Austin
Texas, for the arrest and capture, dead or
alive, of John Brittle, Ellis Brittle, and
          - They were goin by the name, Shaffer.
You know them by the name, Shaffer.
But the butchers real names'were Brittle.
These are wanted men. The law wants them
for murder. I reiterate, this warrant
states dead or alive. When Django and myself
executed these men on sight, we were operating
within our legal. boundaries. Now I realize
passions are high. But I must warn you,
the penalty for taking deadly force
against a officer of the court in the
performance of his duty is, you will be
hung by the neck until you are dead.
This does put a momentary pause in the lynch mob's blood lust.
After his dramatic pause for effect...
May I please remove the warrant from my
pocket so you may examine it?
Resting his Winchester over his shoulder, Bennett reaches for the
Dr.Schultz removes the warrant from his jacket pocket, and hands it to
the plantation owner. Bennett reads it silently to himself, resigned to
Bennett eyes go from the warrant to the German.
          ,- Bennett hands Schultz back the piece of paper.
          Load up the bodies as quickly as
you can, and let's get out of
          All three dead Brittle Brothers lie over the back of the extra horse
the bounty hunters brought with them.
Both Bounty Hunters are back in their saddles ready to leave.
With all the eyes of the plantation on them, the white and black man
start to ride out, when Spencer "Big Daddy" Bennett, steps in their way
          Ain't nobody gonna touch you and your Jimmie
while you on my property. But for lettin' a
nigger kill a white man, and especially for
letting a nigger kill a white man in a
audience of niggers, y'all ain't gonna make
it out of the county alive. Mark my words
Schultz, by tomorrow morning your niggers
gonna be stripped and clipped and hangin'
I'm fully aware Bennett, that you and your
killing for what you believe in. But mark
my words Big Daddy, if you make a move
towards Django or myself, you better be
The Black and White Audience watch them go.
          INSERT: Dr.Schultz's SADDLE BAG, the doctor's hands remove THREE STICKS
          INSERT: The doctor's HANDS bind the Three Sticks of Dynamite together.
INSERT: The Three Sticks are WRAPPED UP in a BRIGHT YELLOW BANDANA.
INSERT: The Yellow Dynamite Sticks, are buried in dirt about half way,
with the yellow part protruding from out of the ground.
          lying on his belly in the grass.
          We see the camp by the lake that Dr.Schultz and Django have set up.
Both wrapped up in bedrolls. The dead bodies of the Brittle Brothers
lie by them in a pile. A campfire slowly dims.
We Cut Back to Spencer Bennett lying on his belly with SIX OTHER RIFLE
CARING MEN observing the camp, from over a grade.
The Men sneak back down the hill the way they came...
Where about TWENTY-FOUR REGULATORS are waiting for them ON HORSEBACK,
all of the riders heads are covered by FLOUR SACKS with eyes and mouth
holes cut out. Some carry TORCHES, all carry RIFLES or SHOTGUNS.
Spencer mounts his horse. "Big Daddy" issues orders astride his
          Now unless they start shootin' first,
nobody shoot 'em. That's way too simple
for these jokers. We're gonna whip that
nigger lover to death. And I'm gonna
personally, strip and clip that garboon
Having said his blood thirsty words, he puts the flour sack over his
head. He tussles with the sack for a bit, then from inside the sack;
          Damn, I can't see fuckin' shit outta
He sticks his fingers in the.eye holes, and rips, trying to make the
holes bigger, he only succeeds in making-visibility more obscured.
          Hold on I'm fuckin' with my eye holes.
          Shit ...I just made it worse.
He rips. it off his head in frustration.
          Well make you own goddamn masks!
          Look nobody's saying they don't appreciate
          Well if all I hadda do was cut a bag, I
could cut it better then this.
          How 'bout-you Robert, can you see?
          Not too good. I mean if I.don't move my head,
I can see you pretty good ... . more or less.
But when I start ridin' the bag starts moving
all over, and I'm riding blind.
          Oh shit, I just made mine worse.
He yanks it off his head.
          Did anybody bring any extra bags?
          No, no one brought a extra bag!
          Do we hafta wear 'em when we ride?
          Shitfire, if you don't wear 'em as you ride
up, that just defeats the purpose.
Redfish, fatter then some , takes off his bag.
          I can't see in this fucking thing!
I can't breathe in this fucking thing!
And I can't ride in this fucking thing!
          Fuck all y'all! I'm going home. I watched
my wife work all day gettin' thirty bags
And all I hear is criticize, criticize, criticize.
From now on don't ask me or mine for nothin'!
O.B. removes his bag, and yells after Willard.
          O.B., I tole yo to keep quiet! They're asleep,
          Fuck Willard! Look, let's not forget why we're
here. We gotta killer nigger over that hill.
And we gotta make a lesson outta 'em.
          Okay, I'm confused, are the bags on or off?
Robert takes off his bag, and says;
          I think we all think the bags was a nice
idea. But, not pointing any fingers, they
could of been done better. So how 'bout,
no bags this time, but next time, we do the
bags right, and then we go full regalia.
          Wait a minute, I didn't say no bags!
          So, it would be nice to see.
          Goddamit, this is a raid! I can't see, you
can't see, so what? All that matters is can
the fuckin horse see! That's a raid.
Spencer puts on his sack, everyone else, reluctantly, does as well.
          The THIRTY RIDERS, all with SACKS OVER THEIR HEADS, come riding over
the hill, hooting and hollerin. Since nobody can see they ride
haphazard into each other.'Redfish falls off his horse hard on his fat
ass. They surround the camp, and when the sleeping Schultz and Django
don't react, they know something's up. But since nobody can see,
everybody and everybody's horse is. confused.
           OVER THEIR HEADS: "Where are they, I can't see" - "They tricked us" -
"Did somebody fall" "Where the hell are they" "Y'all, Redfish fell
off his horse-He's kinda hurt bad."
          on the other side of the lake
Then quickly cut into The Tree.
Till we're in a CU OF 
with a SCOPE SIGHT RIFLE up to his eye.
          The Yellow covered STICKS OF DYNAMITE protruding from the ground, are
inside the scope sight circle, Horse hooves step around it.
          tJLTZ and DJANGO up in a tree.
The Camp EXPLODES Blowing Horses and Riders Apart.
Dr.Schultz and Django lift up repeating rifles.
The two treetop killers let loose with rifle fire.
          pandemonium reigns. Horses and Men trip over bodies and pieces of
bodies, of horses and men. Men with legs and arms blown off, yell
bloody murder, hurt and scared Horses cry. Some struggle to get the
sacks off their heads, while scared horses dance and buck in panic.
Some are shot by the rifle fire. The rest of the men not blown up, and
still on horseback, between the sacks and the smoke, still can't see
worth a damn. And Men and Horses collide with one another, which causes
more bucking and riders falling. About fifteen of the men who can still
ride, high tail it the fuck out of there. Whipped and whimpering like
          on his horse with the other fleeing regulators RIDES for his life...
          We see the back of the fleeing Bennett smack dab in the cross hairs.
          scope sight rifle up to his eye.
          his hooves race and rip up the grass.
          scope sight rifle up to his eye.
INSERT: A black finger squeezes the rifle trigger.
          we're behind him as he rides away, OFF SCREEN we hear the whistling of
what sounds like an incoming missle.
          we're in.front of Spencer Bennett as he rides, when Django's bullet,
          scope sight rifle in his hand, big smile on his face, looks.to
Referring to the scope sight rifle;
Well, I think while they take this opportunity
to lick their wounds, we should take this
opportunity to get the fuck out of Tennessee.
They hop out of the tree.
          Dr.Schultz in a big city, buying Django a new saddle. Django gets his
first initial "D" etched into it. The men go to different stores to
purchase Django's wardrobe. The outfit bought, is selected by Django,
with suggestions offered by Schultz. When he's done, Django looks damn
handsome in his new duds. Brown cowboy boots, Green Corduroy Jacket,
Smokey Grey Shirt, Tan Skin Tight Pants, and Light Brown Cowboy Hat.
He looks a. bit like Elvis in "Flaming Star" and a Little Joe Cartwright
on "Bonanza". However, tellingly, he keeps Ace Speck's Winter Coat as
          Django, sitting on his new saddle, in his new duds, rides alongside
the good doctor Schultz. The German carries a PICNIC BASKET.
But I'm serious son, Greenville is just too
dangerous for you to go fucking around there.
You're a freed, slave, you should be in New York.
You shouldn't be in Greenville, you shouldn't
even be forty miles on any side of Greenville.,
You shouldn't be anywhere in Mississippi.
          She's my wife, it's my job to look after her.
If Greenville's where I gotta go to find out
where she went, then I gotta go. Now you
were sayin' where I gotta go first?
There'should be some sort of records office.
You know when she was sold, you know where
she came from, the Carrucan Plantation, and
you know her name ... . what is her name?
Now Django reacts, "How did he know that?
          Yeah, how did you know? She wasn't born on
The Carrucan Plantation. She was raised by
a German mistress, The Von Shafts. She can
          Yeah, when she was little her mistress taught
her so she'd have somebody to talk German with.
So let me get this straight, your slave
wife speaks German, and her name is
This looks like a very pretty place to have
our picnic. What'd ya say, here?
          The two men sit on a blanket with a nice picnic spread spread out.
Django eats a cucumber sandwich with the crust cut off, and drinks a
          How did you know Broomhilda's first masters
Broomhilda is a German name. If they named
her, it stands to reason they'd be German.
          Lotsa gals where you from named Broomhilda?
No, not so much. Broomhilda is the name of
a character in one of the most popular of
          Really? There's a story 'bout Broomhilda?
Every German knows that story. Would you
Well Broomhilda was a princess. She was the
daughter of Wotan, the god of all gods.
Anyway, her father is really mad at her.
I don't exactly remember. I think she disobeys
him in some way. So at first he's just going to
          Obliterate... . what does that mean?
Yes it is, and like most fathers, given a
little time, he calms down a bit. He's
still mad at her. He still wants to punish her.
Just not ... . blow her up. So instead what he
does, is he puts her high on top of a mountain.
It's a German legend, there's always going
to be a mountain in there somewhere. So, he
puts her on top of the mountain and he puts a
fire breathing dragon there to guard the mountain.
And. then he surrounds her in circle of hellfire.
And there Broomhilda shall remain, unless a hero
arises brave enough to save her.
From now on as Dr.Schultz talks, he's beginning to realize something he
wasn't aware of when the conversation started.
Yes Django, as a matter he does. A fella
Yes he does, and quite spectacularly, so.
Now true, he is assisted in his triumph by
a truly, truly, remarkable sword, still, having
said that, Sigfried triumphs over all of his
obstacles not just due to his sword, but due to
his courage. He scales the mountain, because he's
not afraid of it. He defeats the dragon, because
After that last line of dialogue... .the two men just let a moment pass
as they nibble on their sandwiches.
I think I'm just starting to realize that.
He pours Django and himself some more tea out of a fancy tea pot, as he
thinks about what he's going to say next.
Look Django, I don't doubt one day you will
save your lady love. But I'm afraid I can't
let you go to Greenville in a good conscious.
Let me ask you a question, how do you like
          Kill white folks, and they pay ya?
I hafta admit, we make a good team.
          But I'thought you were mad at me for killin'
Yes, on that occasion, you were a tad
overzealous. But normally, that's a good
thing. How'd you like to partner up for
You be my deputy, for real this time. A lot
of the big money is in outlaw gangs. Some
of these fellas are worth fifteen hundred or
three thousand a piece. With one man, anything
over three men is a risk. But with a partner?
Creating cross fire? It's fish in a. barrel.
A lot of these gangs hold up in the'hills
Yes. You work with me through the winter,
till the snow melts. I give you a third
of my bounties. And while we're together,
I'll teach you a few things you're going
          Can you teach me how to make Tony do that
head bow thing that Fritz can do?
That among other things. We make some
money this winter, when the snow melts,
I'll take you to Greenville myself, and
we'll find where they sent your wife.
I'm pretty good at finding people. Is it a deal?
No white man has ever done anything for Django, just to him. So
          Why you care what happens to me? Why you
care if I find my wife?
Well frankly, I've never given anybody
their freedom before. And now that I have,
I feel vaguely responsible for you. You're
just not ready to go off on your own, it's
that simple. You're too green, you'll get hurt.
Plus when a German meets a real life Sigfried,.
it's kind of a big deal. As a German, I'm
obliged to help you on your quest to
What follows is a MONTAGE covering the five months that Django and
Schultz partner up as bounty hunters. Schultz wears his normal
ensemble. Django wears his cool looking Green Jacket, unless it's
really cold, which a lot of this Montage is. Then he still wears Ace
Specks raw hide winter coat over his cool clothes.
          A SCENE to be improvised , where Dr.Schultz teaches
Django how to draw and shoot the pistol in the holster at his hip.
By the end of the scene, after trial and error, we see Django's going
          We see Django and Dr.Schultz walking up a hill. Tony and Fritz have
been left tied up downhill. Django leads a extra body HORSE (named
PONCHO) behind him. Dr.Schultz carries his scope sight rifle in 'a long
case. They get to the top of the hill. It overlooks a small farmhouse.
          A LITTLE MAN struggling behind a plow, and his FIFTEEN YEAR OLD SON
helping him by leading the horse forward.
On top of their perch on the hill top, Dr.Schultz says;
Keep down or he'll see you.
Well since we came here to kill 'em, he
          What? The little man pushin' that plow?
That little man pushing that plow, is Smitty Bacall.
No. Smitty Bacall is a stagecoach robber
who's hiding out as a farmer, because
there's a seven thousand dollar bounty on
He hands Django the scope rifle case.
And he's all yours my boy.
DJANGO lays on his belly, with the Scope Sight up to his eye.
          on the Farmer struggling behind his plow, working hard with his horse
Django's finger on the trigger... .but he hesitates.
Oh what happened.to mister I wanna kill white
Good. He'll have a loved one with him.
Maybe even share a last word. That's
better then most get, and a damn. sight
Put down the rifle. Don't worry, I'm not
mad at you. Take out Smitty Bacall's handbill.
Django removes the folded up handbill from the pocket of his tan pants.
Read it aloud. Consider it today's lesson.
          "Wanted, dead or alive. Smitty Bacall and
The Smitty Bacall Gang. For murder and
for Smitty Bacall. One thousand and five
hundred dollars for each of his gang members.
Known members of The Smitty Bacall Gang are as
follows, DANDY MICHAELS, GERALD NASH, and
Well done. Bravo. THAT is who Smitty Bacall
is. If Smitty Bacall wanted to start a farm at
twenty-two, they would never of printed that.
          But Smitty Bacall wanted to rob stagecoaches,
and he didn't mind killing people to do it.
You want to save your wife by doing what
I do? This is what I do. I kill people,
and sell their corpses for cash. His corpse
Now quit your pussyfootin and shoot him.
The Little Man down below behind the plow falls down.
The Young Boy doesn't know what happened at first. Then he figures'out
his father was just shot. He goes to him in the dirt.
You need to keep that Smitty Bacall handbill.
It's good luck. You always keep the
They begin walking down the hill, to collect Smitty Bacall's body,
leading the extra body horse behind them.
          As they walk down hill, they watch the little scene of Smitty Bacall's
Son cradling his dying father.in his arms, the older man speaking his
last words to his son before he dies.
See, they're having a tender little father son
moment now. No doubt the most heartfelt one
          It's now full on snowy winter in the hills.
Django practices his quick draw against a SNOWMAN he's built. He sticks
a BOTTLE in it, so the bottom of the bottle is where the snowman's
I think it's safe to say you're faster then
          A outlaw gang known as The WILSON - LOWE GANG  ride through
a snowy forest at night. When all five men and their Horses, are SHOT
          up in a tree, FIRING DOWN ON them.
          The FLAKES continue to FALL HARD as Dr.Schultz and Django ride down
the main street of town, pulling poor Poncho who's FULLY LOADED DOWN
          The local SHERIFF, DON GUS, watches the two men ride up, he knows them.
          Doctor and Django, how the hell are ya,
and who the hell ya got there?
          Who the hell's The Wilson - Lowe Gang?
Dr.Schultz removes a handbill from his inside jacket pocket, and hands
it down to the friendly peace officer.
Bad Chuck Wilson, and meaner Bobby Lowe.
          Just leave 'em out here, they ain't going
nowhere. And if'in they do, god must love
'em, so who are we to say. Come outta the
snowy snow and git yourself some coffee.
          The snow encrusted bounty hunters come inside the lawmans office.
They exchange pleasantries about the weather as the Sheriff pours them
coffee. After the two frosty gentlemen have drunk some of the hot
liquid, they get down to business. As Schultz and Gus discuss the
bounties, Django reads the handbills aloud from off the wall. On the
third one he reads, WARREN VANDERS, and a two thousand dollar bounty,
Django RIPS IT off the wall.
As the winter has progressed, we see they've become a genuine bounty
hunting team. And Django, a genuine bounty hunter.
          The snow has melted, and it's SPRING. And inside of this meadow Django
practices his fast draw against five men...
.by Schultz throwing FIVE COINS in the air ...
DJANGO DRAWS FAST shoots three coins, FIRES again hitting another, then
falls to the ground to get the fifth.
He looks up from the ground at Schultz.
          As Schultz collects the coins off the ground, he says;
He holds out his fist, opens his hand, the coins lay in his palm.
All the coins have bullet holes dead in their center. He drops them on
          Still think I'm too green for Greenville?
Dr.Schultz removes a pipe, sticks it in his mouth and says;
He lights a match, then lights the pipe, puffing as he says;
Greenville ready for you, that I'm not so
          What we also saw in the above montage is Django shake off a lifetime of
slavery. Django, in his green jacket, in his cowboy hat, on top of his
steed Tony, with his gun hanging from his hip, has become his own man.
He's not a slave anymore. He's a bounty hunter.
          ACROSS THE SCREEN ONE LETTER AT A TIME STYLE (ala "Rocky" and
          The whole Main Street of Greenville is thick with five inches of shit
brown mud that all the horse hooves, and wagon wheels, and slave feet
have to wade through to get from one end of the town to the other.
          We see Django and Dr.Schultz enter the town, and slosh their horses in
the mud,, down the main street of Greenville Mississippi. The buying and
selling of slaves is what the whole town is built around.
BLACK MEN, WOMEN, and CHILDREN in BONDAGE are everywhere you look.
LINES OF CHAINED SLAVES being marched one way or the other, move
through the muddy streets of Greenville. WHITE MEN on horses move them
BUCKBOARDS filled with DOMESTIC SLAVES , and pretty
PONYS, driven by WHITE MEN roll through the street.
A YOUNG WHITE BOY , a shepherd, leads a bunch of
SLAVE CHILDREN through town. A SHEPHERD'S DOG, HELPS HIM OUT BY MOVING
          Impromptu slave auctions take place on almost every block.
A SUBTITLE APPEARS on the bottom of the screen:
          Dr.Schultz takes in this African flesh market, where human beings sell
other human beings, with disgust and a little bit of shock.
Django is neither disgusted or. shocked, he knows first hand how
As he rides Tony through town in his snappy duds, he looks'at the BLACK
MEN half dressed: in chains. He REMEMBERS HIMSELF with his six Other
Companions from earlier, being walked through the mud of Main Street by
The Speck Brothers. On that day he might as well of been a steer.
Today, with a gun on his hip, money in his pocket, in his snappy
outfit, astride his steed Tony, he feels so different from these
wretched half naked bastards it gives him a bit of a chill.
Django sees the towns railroad depot, and across from it a huge SLAVE
PEN, like a STEER CORRAL. At the moment there's no train in the depot.
          The TRAIN, at a earlier time, pulling into the depot.
          amidst a boxcar full of shirtless BLACK MALES, Django watches the train
pull into the station, from inside the wooden slates of the boxcar.:
A hatch in the roof of the boxcar is NOISILY YANKED OPEN, and TWO WHITE
SLAVE TRADERS , peer down at their human cargo.
          Good god almighty these niggers stink!
          Okay you bucks, listen up, and listen
well, I'm only gonna say this once.
There's a slave corral right across from
this boxcar. We gittin ready to open these
doors. When we do, y'all run as fast as you
can, right into that pen. 'Anyone gittin off
trail, gonna get hurt and hurt bad. Now you
niggers better comprehend. And that goes for
any African garboons amongst y'all can't
understand english ... . your American buddies
better shove your ass in the right direction,
or your trip to this country is going to be
short, and pointless. Train to pen as fast as
The boxcar door is slid open, and a HUNDRED AND FIFTY BLACK MALES
run full out from the train to the steer corral.
We spot Django during the running.
Once inside the corral, the gate is closed.
COWBOYS with rifles act as prison guards.
          through the wooden posts, in the distance, Django watches them open up
the boxcar holding the females. They do their run to their pen out of
Django catches a quick glimpse of Broomhild.a running with the other
LADIES, then she's gone from view.
          Django and Dr.Schultz on top of their horses, taking in the sight of
It's a spectacle out of Dante.
          You should see it from the other side.
Frankly, I don't know if I could endure this.
          You'd be surprised what you can endure.
          Dr.Schultz and Django walk into a records office, lined with books.
We watch through the store front window, the black man and white man
enter, and Dr.Schultz present his business card to a Dickensian looking
RECORDS OFFICE WORKER. As Schultz starts his spellbinding with words
routine... . The CAMERA FADES TO BLACK.
          The same shot we saw before of Django fighting his way to the bars of
the slave pen, to get a better last look of Broomhilda.
Broomhilda, as before is walked by in the distance.
Then, as before Django loses sight of her.
          We follow in front of Broomhilda being lead out of the slave pen by TWO
WHITE MALE SLAVERS. Her bare feet slosh in the Main Street mud, and
the leg irons scrap her ankles.
Up until now everything you've ever seen of Broomhilda, has only been
in Django's Spaghetti Western Flashbacks. In other words, from his
perspective, and memory. This is the,only time the story will shift to
Broomhilda's perspective. The strong but frightened girl is led out on
to the hustle and bustle, and wagon wheels and horse hoofs of Main
Broomhilda is not taken into that three story auction arena that Django
was sold in at the beginning. Instead She's just lifted up on a parked
buckboard wagon. Her SELLER  starts his pitch on the TWELVE or
so BUYERS that watch this puny make shift auction.
          looks down into the crowd of twelve ugly white men, and holds her
breath which one will buy her.
Among the ugly white men we see  , not quite as ugly as
the rest. An older well dressed, classy gentleman. Next to him is his
twenty four year old overweight awkward son SCOTTY HARMONY.
Scotty in the audience, and Broomhilda on the wagon, THEIR EYES MEET,
The Seller makes her expose her breasts to the small crowd. Then her
back, revealing her whip marks. Then pointing out the runaway "r"
Some of the crowd, including Scotty, react with repulsion at the sight
of the whip marks. The Seller assures the crowd, that niggers don't
feel pain like white folks, and it only makes the women more gentle.
          Fellahs, you ain't felt gentle, till you felt
Mr.Harmony makes a bid for his son Scotty.
Broomhilda notices that. And makes more eye contact with Scotty.
They look at each other as Mr.Harmony continues to bid.
A LITERARY NARRATOR comes on the soundtrack.
          On that day, eight months ago, the auction
was won by Mike Harmony, as a birthday present
for his fat boy son Scotty.
From on top of the buckboard Broomhilda looks down at her new owners.
Later they leave for the Harmony house. Scotty lifts Broomhilda up into
the back of the buckboard. He hands her a little white bag.
She opens the bag,candies of many colors sit in it.
She selects a yellow one and puts it in her mouth.
We see him drive the buckboard out of Greenville with Broomhilda in the
back eating her bag of jelly beans.
          The buckboard makes its way down a country road. Broomhilda in the
back, and Scotty driving the wagon.
Scotty bought her, but he's too scared to talk to her.
Broomhilda's muddy bare feet dangle off the wagon. She's beginning to
realize the young master is the shy type.
          I'm lonely back here. Can I come on up with
you on that seat so we can talk?
She climbs into the driver's seat. In more ways then one.
          A nice two story southern house. Very nice, but hardly a plantation.
The household's FOUR DOMESTIC SLAVES. Broomhilda will be the fifth. The
buckboard pulls up to the front of the house.
Scotty's mother,  , waits to meet her son, and
The older lady looks the black girl up and down and says to her;
          Mrs.Harmony brings Broomhilda in her kitchen. The TWO DOMESTIC SLAVES
that were in, there are chased out by the boss lady. Mrs.Harmony grabs
Broomhilda by the wrist, and tells her;
I want to have a word with you, wench. You met
my boy Scotty. You can tell ain't no white
girl gonna fool with him. And if they do fool
with him, they fool with him for the wrong
reason. Boy's twenty four, he still ain't a
man yet. That's why you're here. Be nice to him.
He's a very sweet boy. Play him right, he'll
eat bird seed out of your palm. Play 'em
          I like Scotty. He's just shy is all. All he
And you'll give that to him?
          I'll do my best, mam. Scotty's a real sweet boy.
The mother lets go of the young lady's wrist.
          Basically The Harmony's bought a slave
bride for young master Scotty that day.
And the two kids had a nice time playing
We see Scotty and Broomhilda catching butterflies in butterfly nets in
At night they catch LIGHTNING BUGS together.
At night in Scotty's bed, while the young man lay fast asleep,
Broomhilda looks at her jelly jar of GLOWING LIGHTNING BUGS.
          As Scotty's sort of defacto sweetheart, if
no visitors were about, Broomhilda would
even join the family at their dinner table.
We see them at dinner eating fried chicken and mashed potatoes and
          And pretty soon she was adopted into a
The Harmony family and Broomhilda playing croquet in the front yard.
After dinner, Mrs.Harmony entertaining the family by playing the piano.
Mr.Harmony reading the women and his son a story from a storybook.
Scotty and Broomhilda walking holding hands at Southern magic hour.
Broomhilda having sex with Scotty, baby talking with him, talking him
through it, making him feel loved and secure.
          After three months of this bliss,
Scotty decided to take Broomhilda for
          drive through the Main Street of Greenville, dressed to the nines, in a
fancy carriage. Broomhilda dressed in a beautiful white lace dress,
complete with white lace gloves, fancy ladies hat, and white parasol.
Scotty, very proud of his pretty Pony, is dressed in a fashion best
          White masters would take their pretty
Ponys to Greenville for a treat or romantic
how bad the other slaves had it, always made
the papered Ponys appreciate their privilege
          holding her parasol, looking like a black Daisy Miller, watches the
OTHER SLAVES march by in the mud. They watch her too.
          Broomhilda and Scotty, and their luggage, move into the fancy hotel
lobby, and rent a room at the front desk.
          Scotty signs his name. The DESK CLERKS HAND checks the box on the
registry book that indicates darkee female companion.
           Greenville at night is a little different. At night, RICH WHITE MASTERS
showing off their Ponys , rule the streets.
          And two, there was a sliver of society that
ran through Greenville at night that catered
to white masters who were infected with a
condition that was normally referred to as,
"Nigger love." At night the streets, the bars,
bistros, and buggy rides were ruled by rich
white masters showing off their pretty Pony's.
          An establishing shot.of the three story house that has been converted into
private club called, The Cleopatra Club.
          But the crown jewel of all this interracial
frivolity, was the members only, Cleopatra
          with the name, THE CLEOPATRA CLUB on it, next to it is a profile of
          The interracial joint is jumping (as long as by interracial you mean
Scotty and Broomhilda are enjoying a fancy dinner in the clubs dining
We see across the dining room, the powerful white man, CALVIN CANDIE,
sitting with some White Men and some Black Ponys, eyeing Broomhilda.
          I gotta tell you Broomhilda -
I don't care if I go to. hell for this -
I love you. And if loving you means I go to
hell ... . Well then hello Mr.Devil.
That was actually kind of funny. Broomhilda was right, all he needed
was a little confidence. She puts her hand on his.
          Then... speak of the devil and the devil
          Hello, my name is Calvin Candie, I own
The Cleopatra Club. And I would just like
yourselves to my favorite place on earth.
Scotty stands up and shakes hands with Calvin.
          Thank you so much, it's a great honor.
Broomhilda gets a sinister chill from this smiling jack.
Scotty, as per usual, is clueless.
          How long have you been a member?
          Well our little private oasis appreciates
your patronage. Some may consider the dues
excessive, but they're necessary for us to
create this haven for the alternative
lifestyle we've all become accustomed to.
          Well said, and money well spent.
          It would be.my pleasure, your first
weekend at the club, to join me and my
Broomhilda knows this is a man to be avoided.
But Scotty is swept away being courted by somebody like Calvin Candie.
She tries to imply they should stay where they are. He brushes her off
We see Calvin introduce his table of friends to the couple, and they
Calvin Candie has his arm around a foxy Pony named SHEBA, whose dress
is a little more revealing then the others.
They drink and talk, and the White Men have a forced good time. But
Calvin Candie can't hide his sinister side from Broomhilda, and it
keeps her uncomfortable, until she excuses herself from the table to go
to bed. Scotty's having such a good time with his fancy friends he opts
to stay behind.'Broomhilda leaves in a bit of a huff, due to Scotty's
disobedience. If these fancy.fucking white men weren't around making
Scotty feel so puffy chested, he'd never dismiss her that way.
We FOLLOW Broomhilda out of the club, across the street, to the hotel.
          After excusing herself, she walked across
the street to her hotel room. She got
her white dress dirty in the mud, but she
didn't care, the night was ruined anyway.
Some romantic weekend. Wait till she gets
home and tells his mother how he ignored her.
She'll fix his fat ass. Wait till he asks her
to scratch his back next time. She's gonna
          The now drunk Scotty is playing poker with Calvin and his friends.
          Back at The Cleopatra Club, as the night
wore on, Calvin Candie suggested'a friendly
card game. As the game wore on, it came down
to a two thousand dollar pot between
Calvin Candie and Scotty Harmony. Luckily
for him, Scotty was holding.a inside straight.
Calvin holds his cards with Sheba draped around him. She whispers
          You know what Sheba just tole me?
Scotty, thinking about his great hand, says;
          She says she thinks you're cute.
          Really? Thank you Sheba, I think you're
Sheba whispers something else in Candie's ear.
          Sheba says she'd like to give you a little
          Oh hush, what's a little nigger lip 'tween
friends. Go on honey, give 'em some sugar.
Sheba walks over to Scotty's side of the table, and gives him a very lip
intensive'soul kiss. The table enjoys the show. Then Sheba goes back to
          Okay loverboy, I think you're trying to out
brazen me in my own club, and I won't have
it. If you're really holding cards, time to
pony up. I raise you five hundred.
.and raise you four hundred more.
This is where Calvin Candie has waited to be all night.
Scotty doesn't intend to let this smiling Jack cheat him out of his
pot, especially with him holding an inside straight.
          I would think a southern gentleman of
such renown as yourself, wouldn't have
to resort to buying a pot in his own club.
Calvin writes on a piece of paper, then throwsit'in the pot.
Scotty takes the piece of paper, "What's this?"
Calvin.and the whole table laugh at that.
          You sure didn't look like you didn't want her.
          In Greenville slaves are currency. And
Sheba's worth about eight hundred dollars.
I'm throwing Sheba in the pot. Match or
          But we ain't playin' for money no more..
We matchin' nigger gals. And a nigger gal
          In Chickasaw County, she's money. Pony her up
or fold. Somebody get him a piece of paper
          Write out a bill of sale, or fold them cards.
He hurriedly takes the pencil and writes out a Bill of Sale for
Candie lays down his cards, he has a FLUSH.
What Scotty's just done hits him like a ton of bricks.
After Scotty uses the "C" word, everybody quiets down.
          What did you just call me?
          I called you a card cheatin' son of a bitch,
Calvin calmly stands up from the table. He removes a small Derringer
Gun.from his pocket, and tosses it on the table in front of Scotty.
Then takes out another one, and tosses it on the table in front
          Everybody in The Cleo Club quiets down.
          Scott Harmony. For calling me a card cheat
in my own club, as a southern gentleman,
I challenge you to a duel.
          Piano player, will you hit three separate
          On the third note, pick up the gun and
This is all going too fast for slow Scotty.
          I ain't dueling with you! I don't want
          Then get out of here, get in your buggy
          Sure. Let me just get my girl.
          You lost that girl, fat boy.
          Wait!... . Look ... . Mr.Candie, I'm sorry I
called you a cheat. But... please...I can't
          Last chance fat boy, go home and get'useta
Scotty can't leave. He can't go home without her. He can't face his
parents. He can't walk out on her. No matters what happens he can't
          Calvin Candie SHOOTS Scotty Harmony dead.
          Calvin Candie and his entourage enter the hotel lobby and go up to the
          Good evening to you as well,. young Oliver.
Could you please inform me which room
your guest Scott Harmony is staying in?
          .Calvin comes'BURSTING in the room holding his belt in his hand. He
YANKS OFF the sheets that Broomhilda sleeps under. Broomhilda lies
naked under the covers. Candie brings the belt down around her legs and
          Candie CHASES her naked body with his belt, from the top of the stairs,
down the stairs, and through the lobby, and out the front door.
All to the amusement of the WHITE HOTEL GUESTS.
          She RUNS out of the hotel naked, and then TRIPS FALLING INTO THE
GREENVILLE MUD. She looks up from the mud, at Calvin Candie looking
We do a SLOW ZOOM into Broomhilda's face.
          Back inside the three story Auction Block domed room.
The same room Django was sold in at the beginning.
Tons of WHITE BUYERS and SELLERS and BLACK SLAVES to be bought or sold
          stands half naked on the auction block.
gives the crowd,a sales pitch about Banjo, and starts the bidding.
Many different UGLY WHITE MEN make bids on the big mandingo, including
 and DJANGO from a pair of OPERA GLASSES
/-. watch Calvin Candie from up above on the nd floor landing.
We see Calvin Candie, and his black slave.bodyguard, BARTHOLOMEW,
always dressed in a slightly ill fitting three piece suit and bowler
hat, among the crowd of buyers at the auction block below.
Candie's lawyer LEONIDE MOGUY joins him.
His name is Calvin Candle, and he is the
Oh, so you heard of it?
          Ain't no slave ain't heard of Candyland.
Well apparently, that's where your wife is,
and apparently the repellent gentleman down
there is the one who owns her.
          The White Man and Black Man find a cubby hole to talk in the auction
How much do you know about mandingo fighting?
          Not so much... A little... Master Carrucan had
Can you play a mandingo expert?
Can you convincingly masquerade as someone
who is an expert on mandingo fighters?
Because when a man has one of the four
biggest cotton plantations in Dixie, but
the only thing that seems to ring his chimes
is big sweaty black males, if WE want to get
his attention, we better be talking about
big sweaty black males. So my character is
that of a big money buyer from Dusseldorf, here
in Greenville to buy my way into the mandingo
fight game. And your character is the mandingo
expert I hired to help me do it.
          That's what you call it when you buy a slave
expert. If you wanna raise horses, but don't
know nothin' 'about horses, you buy yourself
a One-Eyed Charly who knows about horses.
He teaches ya. You wanna plant tobacco but
don't know nothin' about it, you buy yourself
a One-Eyed Charly knows about tobacco.
Why do they call it One-Eyed Charly?
          You know, back on the plantation, my. job
Testy. It's an unusual name. That's a perfectly
legitimate question. So, can you convincingly
play my mandingo One-Eyed Charly? Don't say,
          You want me to play a black slaver? There
ain't nothin lower then a black slaver. Black
slavers are lower then head house niggers, and
Then play him that way! Give me your black slaver.
          That, I can do. What's next?
To get ourselves personally invited to
           and DJANGO stand across the street from The Cleopatra Club.
Which looks like aregular nice three story house, among other.nice
houses on an affluent residential block in Greenville Mississippi.
They open the tiny garden gate in front of the house, walk up the stoop
steps to the front door. They ring the doorbell.
A pretty young black girl, dressed in a FRENCH MAID outfit opens the
We are here to see Calvin Candie.
          She's been taught to smile and say:
The two men walk into the entrance way of the house.
A beautiful mulatto HOSTESS greets the two men.
          Hello gentlemen, I'm Cleo, can I help you?
Dr.Schultz hands Cleo the guest card.
Yes I am Dr.King Schultz, and this is my
Upon hearing Django is a free man her eyes go to, him.
We're here for a appointment with
          Yes you gentlemen are expected. Please
          Can Coco get either of you two gentlemen
          Then Coco will entertain you while I
Django wanders over the dining room, and peers inside.
           A lush fancy restaurant dining area inside of this house. The DINERS
are made up exclusively of well dressed WHITE MEN, and pretty BLACK
GIRLS  dressed in the most elaborate ladies fashions of the day.
          Some appear to be on dates.
Some appear to be enjoying a special evening (birthday, anniversary,
- Some are.two men with two women.
Some are one man with two or three or more women.
The white men's ages range from early twenties to old men.
The girls ages ranges from their twenties, to thirteen.
The bill of fare is a combination of French cuisine, and hearty beef
The dolled up, decked out'Ponys eat rich French cuisine complete with
elaborate sauces, and take their knives to thick cuts of steak.
The younger little girls, usually eat ice cream with hot fudge, banana
While-all the men drink whiskey or wine, the girls all drink
Dr.Schultz quietly moves next to Django and asks;
Have you ever seen anything like this
          Y'all gonna dine, it's real good. You
like catfish, we got good catfish. They use
alotta butta. You like sand dabs, we
LEO MOGUY descends from the clubs prominent staircase.
          Dr.Schultz, good to see you again.
Mr.Moguy, thank you for your assistance
in creating the opportunity for this
          .So this'is the One-Eyed Charly I've heard
Yes, this is Django.. Django, this is Mr.Candie's
          Just call me Leo. Calvin's in the billiard
room, follow me. Y'all want Coco should come
We would be quite lucky indeed if the
          You better watch out doctor, you gonna
They walk through the club to get to the billiard room, as they do they
How long have you been associated with
          Calvin and I were about eleven when we
went to boarding school together. One
could almost say, I was raised to be
          One could almost say, you a nigger.
Coco can't believe what this snappy looking cowboy nigger just said to
Oh nothing, he's just being cheeky.
Anything else about Mr.Candie I should
          Yes, he's a bit of a Francophile.
          That's why all the French ambiance. And
he prefers Monsieur Candie to Mister Candie.
Dr.Schultz says in FRENCH SUBTITLED IN ENGLISH;
This stops Moguy, and he turns to warn Schultz.
          Oh he doesn't speak French. Don't speak
French to him, it'll embarrass him.
They get to the two sliding doors that lead to the billiard room.
The party enters the billiard room.
           Inside is Calvin Candie, his bodyguard Bartholomew (still dressed in
the ill fitting suit), and the lanky sexy Sheba.
Also, at this moment, TWO MANDINGOS are having a bloody and savage
fight to death in this closed room.
An older European looking man, who's rooting for the mandingo that
Calvin's not rooting for, is also in the room. His name is.AMERIGO
          Before any introductions can be made, with his back to the new arrivals
and his eyes on the black men fighting for their life, Calvin says;
          Why do you want to get in the mandingo
Dr.Schultz says, as if he's just been massively insulted;
You don't intend to allow your nd...
Without turning towards them, Candie tells Schultz;
          Quit stalling and answer the question.
          I'm bored, and it seems like a good
Candie takes that to heart. He'll accept it for now.
          Well come on over, cause we gotta us a fight
goin on that's a good bit of fun_
Dr.Schultz steps up to get a better look at the savage fight.
The bigger mandingo is really hurting the smaller one.
Schultz has schooled Django on the importance of never BREAKING
CHARACTER.' Well now the good doctor must practice what he preaches.
Which means not only must he watch. the two men beat each other to
death, he must appear to convincingly enjoy it.
          The bigger nigger is mine. I just bought
him today. What's his name, Moguy?
          The other nigger belongs to this disreputable
Italian gentlemen to my right. Amerigo Vassepi.
Candie looks over at Django; who doesn't walk over to watch the fight.
Instead he walks over to a bar set up in the room. A slave bartender
          How 'bout you, boy? You find nigger fightin'
          You seen one nigger fight, ya seen 'em all.
          How'd you two like to try the signature drink
          Roscoe, two Polynesian Pearl Divers, and
Roscoe makes the drinks in coconut shell glasses.
like you owe me ten dollars.
Amerigo pays up the puny bet.
Django and Schultz get the fancy coconut shell drinks. They both take a
sip. Schultz hates it, Django loves it.
Candle turns his attention to Django.
A fortuitous turn of events brought
          I've heard tell about you. I heard you're a
          I'm curious, what makes you such a
          I'm curious, what makes you so curious?
Bartholomew puts down his pool cue, and turns toward Django;
          /. Candie puts a calming hand on Bartholomew's shoulder.
Monsieur Candie, I would appreciate it if
you directed your line of inquiry to me.
          Doc, I'm a seasoned slaver, you are a
neophyte. I'm simply trying to ascertain
if this cowboy is taking advantage of you.
With all due respect, Monsieur Candie, I
didn't seek you out for your advice. I
sought you out to purchase a fighting
nigger at above top dollar market price.
I was'under the impression when you
granted me an audience, it would be to
          No we weren't talking business yet. We
Now according to Moguy here, if I do
          , .I'm doin' business with both of y'all.
          He does the eyeballin', you the billfold?
Well you don't make it sound too flattering,
None of the white men in the room have any respect for a white man who
needs a nigger to tell him what time of day it is.
Candie turns his attention back to Django.
          So Bright Boy,.Moguy here tells me you
looked over my African flesh, and were
          we see. Django looking over THREE MANDINGOS..
          Well then we got nothing more to talk
about. You wanna buy a beat ass nigger
from me, those are the beat ass niggers
          He don't wanna buy the niggers you wanna
sell. He wants the nigger you don't
          I don't sell the niggers I don't wanna
You won't sell your best. You won't even
sell your second best. But your third
best... .you don't want to.sell him... .But if
I made you an offer so ridiculous you'd be
forced to consider it... . who knows what
How much would you say, Django?
Calvin Candle takes in the figure.
          Gentlemen, you had my curiosity. Now
          Candle, Moguy, Django, Schultz, Bartholomew, Sheba, and Coco eat dinner
in the restaurant. All the men eat thick T-Bones. Coco eats Catfish.
And Sheba uses her fingers to rip apart Crawdads.
          How ya like that meat, Bright Boy?
Django's eyes go to Calvin, he nods his approval.
          You spend a lot of time around niggers
          Well if'in you did,.you'd know what a
treat this was for 'em. You feel special
He looks to Sheba, who's licking her fingers from the Crawdads.
          Now Sheba always feels special. Dont'cha?
          How 'bout you Bright Boy, you feel
The table breaks out in laughter.
          Well we're leaving bright and early
tomorrow morning, and moving the. whole
Dr.Schultz and Django's eyes meet for a moment.. .so far...so good.
Well, that wasn't on the agenda. But I
suppose I could be amenable to that.
          Oh hardly a ride at all, We'll still be
in Chickasaw County. Five hours.. .tops.
There you can get a look at my best
specimens. Have dinner with my sister
and I. Spend the night at Candyland as
Django and Schultz trade looks and small smiles.
          It's the next day and a whole procession is making their way to
Calvin Candie, Leonide Moguy, Dr.Schultz, Django, and THREE OVERSEERS
FIVE MANDINGOS (Big Fred and Banjo who we already met, plus JOSHUA,
SIDNEY JAMES, and TATUM) recently purchased at the Greenville Auction
walk to their new home, with small bundles of their personal
possessions under their arm. They look like powerful warriors.
          WERE THE MANDINGOS FROM Candyland that didn't sell at Greenville are
walking back to Candyland, with their small bundle of personal
possessions under their arms. These poor devil's know their fate is
pretty dismal. Either they'll be sold to the LeQuint Dickey Mining
Company, or they'll be put in some mandingo fight they can't win, like
          walks along the road, looks up at Django riding his horse. All the
slaves hate Django because they think he's a black slaver. But
the three heading back to Candyland are even more resentful.
          Django with Schultz, earlier, inspecting and rejecting these three.
          gives Django a bad eyeball look up on his horse.
          sees it. He's playing the role of a fucker black slaver, he can't let
He yells down to the powerless man;
          Gotta problem with your eyeball, boy?
          You want a boot heel in it?
          Then keep ya damn eyeballs off me!
Flash that bad look at me again,
I'll give ya reason not to like me!
As this parade makes progress, Django keeps his emotions in check, but
Dr.Schultz comes riding Fritz beside him.
How do you like this side of the slave
He didn't call her by name, but she's a
young lady, whip marks on 'her back, and
speaks German. Now while it's not wise to
assume, in this instance, I think it's
          Did you offer to buy her?
I opened the door to my possible interest.
But naturally, sight unseen, I can only be
          Calvin Candie comes riding up behind them...
          I swear you two are cozier then a couple
You'd be surprised what a good
          Oh by now, I don't think that would
Candie gives Django a creepy smile.
Around now the audience may start noticing DOG BARKING in the distance.
When do we reach your property?
          You been on it. I own the whole sixty
miles 'fore we get to Candyland.
Candie gets annoyed at the barking dogs.
Billy Crash, a hillbilly overseer who's missing his two front teeth,
          Find out what that goddamn commotion
is up at the tracker shack!
Billy Crash TEARS UP AHEAD on his horse.
us girls, worse things about this
business, ain't the slaves. It's all
the white trash ya gotta deal with.
Like these peckawoods we got riding with
us. These dumb, ignorant, sleazy sonsabitches
ain't good fer nuttin, except kickin' a
niggers ass can't kick back. Yeah, they
holdin' the pretty part of the whip, but
it's just a thin membrane separate 'em.
And don't think they don't know it either.
It's about the only thing these dumbass
motherfuckers do know. But ya need 'em.
Who the hell else ya gonna get to beat a
niggers ass, other than somebody might as
well be a nigger hisself. But these mountain
boys I use as trackers for the runaways,
they the worst. Nothin but a buncha goddamn
inbreed hillbillies. Now like that nigger
gal we was talkin' 'bout. I'm sure it.was
a pain in the ass, but with a lot of
patience, that German lady taught Hildi
Django hears her name himself. His head does involuntary jerk, but his
          Now these inbred hillbillies, on the other
hand, they can barely speak English. I can't
understand a damn word most of 'em say. You
could teach a plow horse how to make a pot
of coffee, 'fore you teach those fools how
to use a knife and fork. I tell ya, if it
wasn't for catchin' a nigger on the run,
they'd be as useless as tits on a boar hog.
          A BUNKHOUSE for the FOUR HILLBILLY TRACKERS (they track down runaway
slaves) that live here about forty miles from the Candyland Plantation.
A little dog kennel, looks like a chicken coup, sits next to the
The TRACKERS are a hairy, bearded, burly, buck skinned wearing, dirty
Their Leader is Mr.,STONESIPHER, the other three are STEW, LEX, and
JAKE. The four men could be brothers, or cousins, or father and sons,
or just from the same hollow.
Lex holds two SNARLING GERMAN SHEPHERDS on a leash. Stew one SNARLING
GERMAN SHEPHERD on a leash. And Mr.Stonesipher holds one SNARLING
GERMAN SHEPHERD on a leash, the lead dog, that goes by the name of
          A runaway slave named, D'ARTAGNAN, lies belly down in the dirt,
surrounded by the four vicious dogs, who BARK, GROWL, and SNAP at him.
One look at D'Artagnan tells you he's a mandingo who's been in one
fight too many. One of his eyes have been 'poked out. Big BITES have
been bit out of both his face and neck (by past fights, human bites,
not-the dogs), as well as three fingers have been bit off. Not to
mention he's covered in cuts, like he's been drug through a briar
          The fourth Tracker, JAKE, doesn't engage in the melodrama. He hangs in
the background, CUTTING FIREWOOD with a big axe.
Calvin Candie, Dr.Schultz, Django, and the whole Candie caravan look
down on the runaway slave. Including the five new mandingos, and the three
          Well I'll be, D'Artagnan. Now boy, why do
a fool thing like run off?
          I can't fight no more, Monsieur Candie.
          Oh yes you can. You might not be able to
win, but your ass can fight. - Mr.Stonesipher,
shut these goddamn dogs up, I can't hear
Hush now! Marsha! Marsha, hush up!
          Take these goddamn dogs away from this nigger,
The other two YANK the dogs away from the fallen Black Man.
A.night. Day. Half the other night.
          How far he git off property?
Bout twenty miles off prop. Pretty fer,
          Moguy, who was D'Artagnan suppose to fight
          Well the way he looks now a blind Indian
wouldn't bet 'a bead on 'em.
          Boy, you done made yourself as useless as
a tail on a teddy bear.
          Now now, no beggin', no playin' on my
soft heart. You in trouble now, son.
Now you need to understand I'm runnin' a
business. Now I done paid five hundred
dollars for you. And when I pay five
hundred dollars, I expect to get five
fights outta a nigga 'fore he roll over
and play dead. You've fought three fights.
          Well, yes you did. But that last one, you
muddied the line between winning and losing.
Calvin climbs down off of his horse, and walks to the captured runaway
          But the fact remains, I pay five hundred
dollars, I want five fights. So what
about my five hundred dollars? You gonna
This whole spectacle is making Dr.Schultz sick to his stomach.
Not Django ... . he's seen this little drama play out many times before.
The three returning mandingos, Rodney, Chicken Charly, and Chester,
watch their fellow doomed servant pay the price for running away.
The five new mandingos watch Calvin Candie's treatment of D'Artagnan to
know what to expect from their new home.
Bartholomew on the buckboard looks at the captured runaway like, poor
          You even know what reimburse means?
Including Django's, whose eyes narrow at the doctor.
Calvin Candie uses the occasion to perform a slow dramatic turn in the
Removing his long brown leather billfold from his suit jacket pocket.
          You'll pay five hundred dollars for a
one eyed Ole'Joe, ain't fit to push a
Django's voice cuts through the Mississippi heat.
          He's just tired'of you toyin' with him is
all. And for that matter, so am I. But we
ain't payin' a penny for that pickaninny,
we ain't got no use for 'em. Ain't that
Dr.Schultz realizes he's just done the one thing he's always preached
to Django you can never do..BREAK CHARACTER. The doctor puts his
billfold back in his suit coat pocket.
The Hillbilly Trackers stare up at the black man on the horse in the
!` Even the one chopping wood in the BG stops his chopping.
jawed gaze. He ain't never seen a nigger
like you ever in his life..Ain't that right,
Calvin steps up to Django on his horse. Looking up at the black man,
Calvin challenges Django to a staring contest.
          Well now since you won't pay a penny for
this pickaninny, you won't mind me handlin'
this nigger however I see fit?
bitches send D'Artagnan to nigger heaven.
The other Trackers let loose of the leashes holding the German
The DOGS CHARGE towards D'Artagnan on his knees...
          all react to the sight of the dogs being let loose.
As we HEAR the ATTACK ...
Django, who expected nothing less and has seen worse, doesn't blink as
the runaway slave is torn to bits by canine teeth ...
The other Mandingos are scared sick at what they see.
The Hillbilly Trackers root the dogs on.
Dr.Schultz has never seen a man torn apart by dogs before, and he
Calvin, without blinking, shifts his eyes toward Dr.Schultz, then back
          Your boss looks a little green around
the gills for a blood sport like
As D'Artagnan's SCREAMS and Marsha's GROWLS continue OFF SCREEN.
          Naw, he just ain't use to seein' a man
ripped apart by dogs, is all.
          But you are use to it?
          Well, him bein' German an' all, I'm
a little more use to American's then
he is. Now Monsieur Candie, whenever you're
ready, we rode five hours so you could
show off your stock. Let's git to it.
Cause as of now, if he's a example, I'
Saying nothing, Monsieur Candie turns his back to Django, climbs up on
his horse, then looks at the black man.
The whole caravan rides off as the dogs continue to tear D'Artagnan
          The caravan starts to approach Candyland. Calvin Candie and his sister
own the fourth biggest cotton plantation in the state of Mississippi.
As the parade gets closer we see fields of cotton, and fields of SLAVES
The audience might of been expecting Candyland to be a hell on earth,
Auschwitz, Andersonville, Yuma Prison, a Mexican prison in a Sergio
INSTEAD ... . CANDYLAND is very beautiful. The fields of cotton, the way
the trees hang green vines over everything. It's full of nature and
natures vibrant colors, and a broiling hot sun to see it all in.
One of the cottonpickers in the field, DOBIE, looks up, and sees Django
in his cool green corduroy jacket, badass cowboy hat, on top of Tony.
He taps the shoulder of another cotton picker , and points out
          All of a sudden all the bent over backs in the field, straighten up to
get a better look at the black riding a horse.
Django looks back matching their stare.
          The caravan rolls through the shack/cabin village the slaves live in.
As the parade rolls through all the SLAVES snap to attention, and bow
 as Monsieur Candie rides past. A KING among his SUBJECTS,
a PATRON with his PEONS, a FATHER amongst his CHILDREN, a SHEPHERD
KIDS playing in the dirt get up and run to Calvin on his horse.
Candie calls the kids by name, takes out a bag of jelly beans, and
The Kids scramble in the dirt for the bright colored candy.
This is Calvin Candie in his element, at his happiest.
The CARAVAN moves from the slave village to the White Village the
overseers and their family live in on the plantation grounds.
Other then the switch of white faces for black, it's pretty much the
And they too see Django ... . WOW!
The Caravan enters the road that leads to the front of the Plantation,
or The Big House as everyone calls it.
To the left of the Big House is big wooden ARENA built for his Friday
All the HOUSE SLAVES (the domestic slaves that work for the Candie
family in the Big House), and WHITE WORKERS (overseers and stray farm
hands) come out to greet the caravan.
They all greet Monsieur Calvin Candie, who naturally leads the
procession, as if he's Alexander The Great returning from the wars.
As the caravan comes to a stop in front of the Big House, it creates a
Calvin's widowed sister LARA LEE CANDIE-FITZWILLY, an attractive
. fortyish, strawberry blonde southern belle, steps out on the porch of
the Big House to greet her brother.
Directly above Lara Lee, on the third floor balcony over hang, out.
          eyeing Calvin and the approaching caravan.
Who's STEPHEN? Stephen is a very old black man, who with his bald pate,
and tufts of white curly hair on the sides, looks like a character out
of Dickens - if Dickens wrote about House Niggers in the Antebellum
Stephen has been Calvin's slave since he was a little boy. And in
 every way is the nd most powerful person at Candyland.
Like the characters Basil Rathbone would play in swashbucklers, evil,
scheming, intriguing men, always trying to influence and manipulate power
for their own self interest. Well that describes Stephen to a tee.
The Basil Rathbone of House Niggers.
The old Man watches the caravan and the trailing dust cloud approach.
          Out of the dust cloud ...EMERGE DJANGO and SCHULTZ... . on TONY and FRITZ.
All the Candylanders see Django, dressed like he is, up on the horse,
and for a moment don't know what to think.
Lara Lee, like her brother, is both surprised and intrigued.
As Stephen peers down from his perch at the nigger in the green jacket,
it's hate at first sight. Stephen heads downstairs, he walks with a,
All the caravan riders are still up on their horses. Calvin sees
Stephen limping towards them, and greets him with a big how do you do;
          Yeah yeah yeah, hello my ass - who's
this nigger up on that nag?
          Oh Stephen, why so ornery, you miss me?
          Yeah, I miss you like I miss.a rock in my
shoe. Like I said, who's this nigger, up
: Stephen looks up at Django on Tony.
          If you wanna know who I am, or the name of
          Just'who the hell you callin' Snowball,
horse boy? I'll yank your ass of that
goddamn'nag, so goddamn fast - in the mud.
          Whoa, whoa, whoa, Stephen, let's keep it
Stephen jerks a thumb up towards Django.
          That nigger there. Let me at least introduce
the two of. you. Django, this is another
cheeky black bugger like yourself, Stephen.
Stephen, this is Django. You two should
Stephen uses'the special privilege he and he alone enjoys amongst the
          Calvin, who the hell is this nigger you
          Django and his friend in grey, Dr.Schultz
are customers, and they are our guests
Stephen. And you - you old decrepit bastard...
.are to show them every hospitality.
          I don't know why I gotta -
          You don't hafta know why, do you
          Yeah yeah yeah, I understand just fine.
          Good. They're spending the night. Go up
in the guest bedrooms and get two ready.
          He's gonna stay in the Big House?
          Stephen, he's a slaver. It's different.
          I don't gotta problem, unless you gotta
problem with burin' the bed, the sheets,
and the pillow cases once this black ass
          That's my problem, they're mine to burn.
Your problem, right now, is making a
good impression. And I want you to start
solving that problem right now, and git
The Old Man looks up at his Master, and says;
Stephen limps away to the guest rooms, muttering to'himself.
Lara Lee and her ever present shadow, a FAT MAMMY named CORA, comes up
to her brother on his horse.
is my widowed sister, may I present to you,
Lara Lee does a southern lady bow.
Dr.Schultz lifts his bowler hat, and nods in a grand manner.
I am Dr.King Schultz, this is my nd
and these are our horses, Fritz and Tony.
Both Fritz and Tony do the head bow.
And it is our great delight to encounter
          Well aren't you the charming gentlemen.
You're not from around here, are you?
Actually I'm from a far off land,
          These two are in the market for a fightin'
nigger. So I thought I'd invite 'em down,
          We'll all have dinner tonight, right?
          Half the reason I invited them. I thought
you'd find.them as intriguing as I do
Lara Lee looks up at Django, and smiles.
All of a sudden THREE WHITE RIDERS ride up on horses, a older one, and
two tough looking younger ones. The'older one is the Cap't of the
Overseers, ACE WOODY, and his two assistants BROWN and JINGLE BELLS
CODY. While Ace is dressed for work on a farm, both Brown and Jingle
Bells Cody are peacocks who wear cool cowboy outfits.
As Calvin Candie watches the three riders approach, he turns to
          You know since I started fightin' niggers
about eleven years ago, it's been a new
lease on'life. And the man ridin' up here
now is the man responsible for all my
Ace and his boys pull their horses up, kicking up dust.
Through the dust Ace, Brown, and Jingle Bells Cody eyeball Django and
          This here is my Overseer .Cap't, and
          Pointing at the two shadows that flank Ace Woody.
          And that's Brown and that's Jingle Bells
          Ace, this here is Dr.Ring Schultz, and
Django Freeman, they're big customers with
big pockets wanna buy a big nigger. So I
brought 'em out here so you could give
'em a little display of our African flesh.
Ace takes off his hat, bows from his horse, welcoming them.
Astride their horses Brown and Jingle Bells Cody just make faces at
Ace's attention goes to the five new mandingos.just walked from
          How many you get rid of?
Ace looks to see who came back from the auction.
          I already wired the LeQuint Dickey people,
          Get 'em away from the others. Put 'em in
Brown with his horse, yells, chases, and herds the three men away into
Ace yells from his horse down to the five new mandingo arrivals, Big
Fred, Banjo, Sidney James, Tatum,.and Joshua.
          Y'all stand over there and make a line!
Ace climbs down from off his horse.
Cody stays in his saddle, circling the black men with his horse.
Everybody, including Django and Dr.Schultz, watch the show.
Ace'Woody walks up and down the line looking at the new men.
Candie, sitting comfortably up on his horse, says;
          I think you lookin' for niggers to push
          Hold it...hold it, you done bought
r em, let me look at 'em.
Unimpressed Ace Woody continues to examine them.
          Okay, how 'bout that one, did you
          What you mean, which one? The one I'm
          Actually, that one was purchased by
          His prospects? Now you know Mr..Moguy,
I ain't a educated fella like yourself.
Remind me again what prospects means?
Jerking a thumb towards the slave in question.
          You got hope for his future?
Ace walks over to the slave in question.
Ace takes the peacemaker out of the holster on his hip, and SHOOTS
Sidney James point blank in the belly.
Especially the four other mandingos standing next to him.
Sidney James rolls in the dirt, screaming and holding his bleeding gut.
Till Cody puts a bullet in his head, putting him out of his misery.
Moguy, shakes his head, "Typical," he thinks.
Django and Schultz, on their horses next. to Candid, watch.
Ace looks up at his boss.
          Boss Candie, which one did you buy?
          Well to me the pick of the litter is
          Well good to meet'cha Fred, I'm'Ace Woody,
I'm a man of influence 'round here. Now
Fred am I mistaken, or were you already in
          I had 'em fight one of Amerigo's niggers
          He did have fifteen pounds on 'em,
but still, he still beat his ass
          Good job, boy. Got any more wins in ya?
Ace gives Cody a slight head nod, and Cody SHOOTS Big Fred in the back.
The remaining three mandingos jump a mile.
          Now why did you do that?
          He won his last fight last night.
Ace puts his eyes on the three remaining mandingos
          Those of you with exceptional ability
will find it ain't so bad here. Those of
you who don't possess exceptional ability,
Ace looks up to Cody on his horse.
          Run 'em over to the Arena. Git 'em doin
push ups. First one gives out, shoot 'em
Cody runs the terrified mandingos to the arena.
Candie leans over to Schultz and says;
          We only get about two out of every batch
of five fighters we buy. But those two
Ace Woody hops back up on his horse.
          You know Mr.Woody, I'm beginning to think
that you don't trust my judgement?
Ace Woody just smiles at his boss, and says;
          Oh you know I always trust your judgement,
Stephen limps back to the action.
          Ahhh, Stephen my boy, rooms ready?
          All ready for your guest and his nigger.
Candie'shakes his head in mock frustration.
          Gentlemen, let Stephen show you to your
          There you can lie down and rest up
for a couple of hours. Then we'll have
some lemonade, and I'll show off some of
Both Dr.Schultz and Django climb down from their horses.
Candie looks to a black little stable boy of about eight named TIMMY.
          Timmy boy, go take their horses for 'em.
Fix 'em up at the stable, give 'em a load
Django hands the boy the reigns.
          That's Fritz, this is Tony. You take good
Django takes an apple out of his saddle bag, and hands it to the boy.
          Once he's in the stable, give 'em that.
He reaches back in the saddle and pulls out another one.
The two visitors start to follow Stephen to their rooms, when
Oh, Monsieur Candie, about that matter about
the nigger girl we were talking about?
I believe you said she spoke German?
          Oh Yes, Hildi, what about her?
Do you think before the demonstration you
could send her around to my room?
          Stephen, when you get through showing
them to their rooms, go fetch Hildi.
I want her cleaned up and smellin' nice,
and sent over to Dr.Schultz's room.
Stephen has to be the bearer of bad news.
          Actually... . Monsieur Candie... . there's
somethin' we ain't tole you yet.
This gets Django's, Schultz's, and Candie's attention.
          What 'cha think she doin' in The Hot Box,
          Jesus Christ, how many people ran away
          Last night. They brought her back this
          How bad did Stonesipher's dogs tear her up?
Django's hand falls to the butt of his smoke wagon. If they sicked
those dogs on his angel, he's going to just kill all these
          Lucky for her they were busy lookin' for
D'Artagnan's ass. Brown and Cody went out
lookin' for her and found her. She a little
beat up, but she did that to herself.
Django's hand moves away from his gun.
          How long she been in the box?
          What'cha think, all goddamn day! Little
fool got ten more days to go.
          Because I said so, that's why. Hildi is
my nigger. Dr.Schultz is my guest. Southern
hospitality dictates I make her available
          But Monsieur Candie, she just ran away?
          Jesus Christ Stephen, what's the point of
havin' a nigger speaks German if-you can't
wheel 'em out when you have a German guest?
I realize it's inconvenient. Still, take
          Lara Lee would you and Cora be responsible
for getting her cleaned up and presentable
The overseers,'Tommy Giles and Hoot Peters go to The Hot.Box. While
Billy Crash goes to the well to draw a bucket of water.
Django watches them walk to The Hot Box.
Dr.Schultz's eyes shift to Django, to watch him watch this.
Stephen notices Django's interest in both The Hot Box and whoever's
itself is a large IRON SOLITARY CONFINEMENT CELL DOOR (from Yuma
Prison) built into the ground. They put a key in the lock, and the two
men lift the heavy iron door open.
REVEALING: A naked Broomhilda broiling in a small coffin like iron box
Broomhilda reacts to the sudden burst of blinding sunshine.
          Billy Crash TOSSES the bucket of water on her.
DJANGO'S POV:.From his wide shot perspective we see them yank the NAKED
          as we move into a Sergio Leone CU of DJANGO'S FACE.
          You comin', or you wanna sleep in that
Django turns his back on the naked Broomhilda and follows Stephen and
Dr.Schultz up the front steps of The Big House.
          Stephen leads the two guests up the big prominent sweeping staircase in
the entry way of The Big House. Then down the hallway with the guest
rooms. Dr.Schultz is shown his guest room by Stephen. Schultz enters
the room and shuts the door behind him. Stephen takes Django to the
room next door, opens the door, and leads him in.
          A guest room with a big feather bed, dresser drawer with a flowery
pitcher of water and basin on top of it. A little bedside table with a
lamp and a tiny bell on it.
          This one's yours, boy. That bed's damn
Django walks over to the window, parts the curtains and peers out.
Broomhilda's gone. As he looks through the glass, snotty Stephen
          Feel free to touch anything you want,
cause we burnin' all this shit once you
gone. I'll have somebody knock on the
Django sits down on the bed.
          I got more important things to do then
          Nigger, when I say stop you plant roots.
Both the words and the tone stop Stephen dead. He turns around.
          This tiny bell on this little table...
.is this for you? I ring this, you
Django reaches over and picks up the bell.
          I want you to pour some water in that
Stephen does what he's told, but with attitude.
          Django shuts the guest room door so the two men are alone.
Once Stephen's done, Django stands up from the bed.
Stephen hands him the basin full of water.
Then throws the water in Stephen's face.
The dripping wet old slave can do nothing against this free man.
Django takes his hand and SLAPS the old man hard across the face
          That's my kinda bell ringin'. Git up.
The old man timidly, slowly, and shaky rises off the floor - as soon as
he does - Django SLAPS HIM TO THE FLOOR again.
Then Django sits back down on the bed, looking at the old man on the
          I've known me House Niggers like you my
whole life. Play your dog tricks with your
Massa'. Ya' lip off to him every now an'
then, as long as ya' keep it funny. He
rolls his eyes and puts up with it, and
all the white folks think it's so cute.
Meanwhile you got all these niggas round
here hoppin' and jumpin' to stay on your
good side. Well this time Snowball, you
gonna listen to me. You got anymore sass
you wanna sling my way, before they give
us a mandingo demonstration, I'm gonna
a demonstration, of ME beatin' the BLACK
off your ass. I will make you drop your
drawers, I'll take off my belt, and I will
Wup' your bare ass with it, in front of
every nigga on this plantation. And after
I do that, let's see you play the rooster
          Calvin wouldn't. let you do it.
          Oh that's right, he gives you first name
privileges... . ain't that cute. Sass me
me again nigger, see what happen'.
Stephen lying on the floor, bites his tongue.
          That's what I thought. Now git outta"here.
With as much dignity as he can muster, Stephen stands up.
Before he leaves, Django tells him;,
          When I ring this bell, you better come
a runnin'. You - not nobody else. While
I'm on this property, you my nigger
Django lies down on the bed. He covers his eyes with his arm.
A door joins Django and Schultz's room. The adjoining door opens, and
Django doesn't remove his arm from.his eyes.
          He ain't tellin' nobody 'bout that.
That's all that needs to be said.
           Lara Lee, Cora, and a traumatized, but cleaned up (she's dressed in a
domestic maid uniform) Broomhilda stand outside Dr.Schultz's door,
after Calvin's sister raps on it.
          Dr.Schultz, may I introduce to you,
Hildi. Hildi, this is Dr.Schultz, he
          I've been informed you do as well.
          It would be my, pleasure to speak with you
Schultz acts for the benefit of Miss Lara's astonishment.
She does, and just'as Lara Lee is to say something, Schultz says,
"Thank You very much," and closes the door in her face. Miss Lara looks
to her Mammy, and the two women head off nonplussed.
          With the door closed, Schultz turns to the weak, frightened,
He gives her a pleasant smile.
They call you Hildi, but your real name
          Yes. How do you know that?
Stands to reason who ever taught you
German would also give you a German name.
Can I pour you a glass of water,
Hearing her name being spoke properly for the first time in awhile, not
to mention with a German accent, does have a bit of a calming influence
          on the other side of the adjoining door, listening, waiting for his cue
As Dr.Schultz calmly pours the young lady a glass of water, he begins
talking to her in GERMAN SUBTITLED IN ENGLISH;
          I'm aware you haven't spoken German in
a long while. So I'll talk slowly.
I'm only speaking German to you now,
Broomhilda, in case Candie's people are
listening to us. Myself and a mutual
friend of ours, have gone through a lot
of trouble, and rode a lot of miles, to
find you fraulein - to rescue you.
He hands her a tall clear glass of water.
She looks at him weird, rescue me?
          Now it's myself and our mutual friend's
intention to take you away from here
          I can't tell you. Our mutual friend has a
flair for the dramatic, and he wants to
He points at the adjoining door.
Her head moves in the direction of the door.
He looks to the young woman;
Dr.Schultz moves to the door, and lightly raps on it.
Her husband Django, but different, all cowboyed out and cleaned up.
He smiles at her, and says;
Obviously a pet name between them.
Broomhilda goes into a bit of shock...
.first she loses strength in her wrist, so the glass tips over, and
the water spills on the floor ...
.followed quickly by herself spilling on the floor in a dead. faint.
          The two men look at the woman on the floor, then at each other;
          WE DISSOLVE to later, as we see Dr.Schultz and Django explain what-
they're doing there, who they're pretending to be, and what their plan
is to Broomhilda. We hear a woman whistle a soft pretty tune on the
soundtrack. It's not a happy tune.. .per se. But it's pretty, and
WE DISSOLVE TO The SLAVE PEN
The doomed men who didn't sell at Greenville, brooding Rodney and
Chester and Chicken Charly, spend their last night at Candyland
sleeping under the stars in The Slave Pen. The same whistling tune
Rodney sees, The whole slave selling and buying group, Django,
Dr.Schultz, Candie, Bartholomew, Moguy, Ace Woody, Brown and Cody, and
the Overseers, walk across the plantation grounds on their way to
The Arena. Laughin' and joshin' all the way. The hatred Rodney feels
for that group of men burns inside him like a red hot poker.
          in the dining room of The Big House with its knives, spoons and forks.
She's all by herself as she goes through this duty.
The whistling tune we've been listening to has been coming from
Broomhilda whistling as she sets the table.
Suddenly out of the darkness of the background appears Stephen.
Broomhilda stops whistling and spins surprised in Stephen's direction.
          You weren't whistlin' nothin', you were
          I dunno. Somethin' I heard. I don't know
She doesn't say anything in return.
Stephen steps out of the shadows into the light closer to Broomhilda.
          I'm just sayin', two days ago you wus' in
such misery here, you hadda run off. So you
run off, we catch your ass an' drag you back.
Then we stick your bare ass to sizzle in
The Hot Box for' 'bout ten hours. Now here
you are two days later, whistlin' while you
work. I'm just sayin', I.wouldn' think you'd
have a hellva lot to whistle 'bout.
He watches the effect his words have on Broomhilda's face.
          I'm done here, may I be excused?
She moves off to another part of the house.
          Later that evening, Django and a lot of other white people (Calvin
Candie, Lara Lee, Moguy, and Dr.Schultz) sat around the dinner table.
They are being served by the black people we've come to know at
Along with an army of DOMESTIC SLAVES acting as wait service.
Knowing Django's a slaver, and for his dinner table privileges, the
Even Broomhilda will be shocked to hear him speak like a slaver, even
though they obviously gave her a heads up on their masquerade.
We pick up the conversation in mid-negotiation.
Look Monsieur Candle, they were all fine
specimens, no doubt about it. But the
best three, by far, were Sampson, Goldie,
and Eskimo Joe. - By the way, why's he
          Oh you never know how these nigger nicknames
get started. His name was Joe-...maybe one
day he said he was cold.. .who knows?
Irregardless, we all know Samson's your
best, and you'll never sell him and I can
Django contradicts, as he chews his steak;
          Samson's the champion. The other two
All the Domestic Slaves around the table STIFFEN at witnessing Django
Including Broomhilda, who's wielding the Gravy Boat. After Django says
that, while in shock, she over pours beef gravy on Lara Lee's mashed
Instead of getting angry, Candle seems to reflect on that analysis,
          Can Eskimo Joe whip Sampson, no. Can he
take Goldie, probably not - Goldie's the
best dirty fightin' nigger I ever saw. But as
long as you don't put 'em up against those
two., Eskimo Joe will whip any niggers ass.
The Domestics FREEZE for a jerky second when Django says that.
You must understand, Monsieur Candie, while
admittedly a .neophyte in the nigger fight
game, I do have a bit of a background in
the European traveling circus. Hence, I
have big ideas when it comes to presentation.
I need something more then just a big nigger.
He needs to have panache. A sense of showmanship.
I want to be able to . bill. him as. The Black Hercules.
I said., and I quote; "I would pay top dollar
for the, right nigger." Now I'm not saying
Eskimo Joe is the wrong nigger - per se ...
but is he right as rain ... ?
Everyone waits for Calvin's response. He milks the moment by taking a
sip of his mint julep, then says;
          Dr.Schultz, i will have you know, there
is no one in the nigger fight game that
more then, Monsieur Calvin J. Candie. But
one must not forget the most important
thing in the nigger fight game.
          A nigger that can win fights. That should
be your first, second, third, four, and
fifth concern. After you have that, and
you know you have that, then, you can
start to implement a grande design. But
since I enjoy oldest man 'at the table
status - beating Moguy by one year for
that honor allow the old sage to advise,
Broomhilda comes around with a bowl of string green beans.
Dr.Schultz says something pleasant to her in German..
She smiles, and says something pleasant back.
          I see you two gettin' on?
Dr.Schultz breaks into a wide grin;
          Monsieur Candie, you can't imagine what
it's like not to hear you native tongue
          Hell, I can't imagine two weeks in Boston.
I can't express the joy I felt conversing
in my mother tongue. And Broomhilda is a
As Broomhilda holds the bowl of green beans for Moguy, Lara Lee notices
how Django and Broomhilda look and try not to look at each other.
Stephen enters the room with a fresh mint julep for Monsieur Candie.
          I don't know doctor, you can lay on all
the German sweet talk you want, but it
looks like this ponys got big eyes for
Lara Lee has no idea how right she is, but when she said it, all three,
Django, Broomhilda, and Schultz, involuntarily jerk.
Schultz covers the jerk with more of his verbal gobbilty gook.
Except for Stephen, no one else was the wiser.
Broomhilda takes her greenbeans and leaves the dining room for the
Stephen watches her go, then looks at Django, then hands Candie his
mint julep, and goes into a broad routine for the table's benefit.
          Stephen, you're amazing. I haven't finished
a drink in this house in twenty years.
          When a man likes a cold drink, a man likes
          Did you overhear that joke I said about
me spending two weeks in Boston
          You don't have any idea the work I do
to see food gets on the table.
          What does that hafta do with the price of
          You think when I'm in that kitchen, I got
nothin' better to do then listen in here
          Of course they laughed, their parents
raised them right. When they're a guest
in somebody's house, and the master of
of the house thinks he's- funny, you
suppose to laugh. They'd be rude not to.
They play their little comedy routine for all it's worth.
          Now what do you expect these people to
say? What you need to do is stop
          Everybody don't laugh at him, you're being
polite, I understand, you mean well, but
As the white folks chuckle, Stephen moves back into the kitchen.
          Once Stephen enters the kitchen, his smile melts away, and he locks
eyes on Broomhilda. He moves over to her.
          Don't stall me bitch, you know who?
          At the table? I don't know him.
          You wouldn't lie to me now, would you?
          Pick it up again in mid-negotiation.
          Eskimo Joe's a quality nigger, no doubt
about it. But if it was my money, I
          Well, if I ,was inclined to be generous,.
and I don't know why I would be inclined
to be generous... . nine thousand ... . maybe.
          But the real question is, not how much
he cost, but how much he can earn?
          In a years time, seven or eight fights -
outside of Mississippi - where his Candyland
pedigree weren't well known - Virginia...
          Georgia -- all goes well ...twenty to twenty
          Precisely Bright Boy, good on ya. Any way
you cut that cake, that spells profit.
Not to, mention a years worth of action at
the big table in a blood sport with a
winner nigger. However let me reclarify
how this whole negotiation came about.
It wasn't me who came to you to sell a
nigger, it was you who approached me to
buy one. Now that nine thousand dollar
figure Bright Boy was banding about,
ain't too far off from right. And if I
wanted to sell Eskimo Joe for that, I
could sell 'em any day of the week.
But like you said in Greenville doctor,
I don't wanna sell 'em. It was only your
dollars that would make me consider it.
Dr.Schultz considers'Calvin Candie's words, then suddenly says;
You know Monsieur Candie... . you do possess
Then SUDDENLY Schultz SLAPS the table hard with his hand, and says;
Why not! Monsieur Candie, you have a deal,
The White people at the table get very happy.
However, that is a tremendous amount of
money. And the way you have your Mr.Moguy,
I have a lawyer, a persnickety man named
Tuttle. And I would need my man to draw
up a legal contract before I would feel
money for flesh. Not to mention having
Eskimo Joe examined by a physician of my
choosing. So say I return in about five
days time with my Mr.Tuttle. And then my
Mr.Tuttle and your Mr.Moguy can hash out
Stephen, Cora, Broomhilda, and the other Domestics come out of the
kitchen to clear away the dirty dishes.
          Can I take away your dishes, Monsieur Candle?
She begins gathering the dirty dishes.
Candie looks up at her as she works.
          So Hildi, how you like servin at the big
          I like it a lot Monsieur Candle.
          It's a lot better then sizzling in that
hot box, or draggin' your ass through a
With Candie interrogating Broomhilda, Django tenses up.
Stephen decides to test Django's reaction.
          You know Monsieur Candle, the doctor might
be interested in seein' Hildi's "peeled"
back. Seein' as he don't see many niggers
          When you was alone with Hildi here, didja
just speak German, or did ya git her
          So you haven't seen her back?
          Then Stephen's right, you would probably
find this interesting. Hildi, take off
your dress, and show us your back.
Broomhilda instinctively shoots a look to Django.
          Calvin, I just got her all dressed up
          But Lara Lee, Dr.Schultz is from Dusseldorf,
they don't got niggers there. And he's a
man of medicine. I'm sure it would
fascinate him, the niggers endurance for
pain. I mean Hildi got something like
fifteen lashes on her back. Lara Lee get
one, she'd lose her mind. These niggers
are tough, no doubt about it.
          Calvin, we are eating - dessert, no less.
Ain't no one wanna see her whipped up back.
Django continues to watching this play out.
          Okay okay Lara. Maybe after dinner.
Broomhilda - dismissed - takes Calvin's dishes and heads back into the
Stephen takes one more look at Django, and follows Broomhilda behind
          In the kitchen with the OTHER DOMESTICS, Stephen says to Broomhilda;
          I thought you said you didn't know him?
Stephen approaches her, the other Domestics get quiet and watch.
          I said, you said, you didn't know him?
As tears begin to well in her eyes.
Things have become so tense and quiet in the kitchen, that the dinner
table conversation begins to bleed inside.
We hear Dr.Schultz in the next room say;
Stephen hears this, he's starting to get the idea.
Stephen moves to the kitchen door, swings it open, and watches
Dr.Schultz prepare to proposition Candie for Broomhilda. Stephen knows
these two jokers  are up to something, and now he's
You indicated earlier you would be
Well in that case allow me to propose
In full "Ole Jimmie" performance, Stephen BARGES in the room,
Oh, I do apologize, doctor. My hearin'
ain't worth a damn these days.
          Monsieur Candie, I need a word with you in
          What, you mean get outta my chair?
          If you could manage it. It's about dessert.
          I would rather tell you in private.
          We're having rhubarb pie, what sort of
melodrama could be brewing back there?
          Stephen bends down and whispers in his ear;
Well that's a horse of a different color. That means whatever Stephen
has to say, hasn't anything to do with rhubarb pie. "Meet me in the
          Fine friend Stephen, I'll be along momentarily.
Candie stands up from his chair and addresses the table.
          Well as you can see, talented no doubt as
they are in the kitchen, from time to
If you'll excuse me a moment.
          A masculine sanctuary for Calvin Candie. Walls of perfectly bound
books. Stuffed animal heads  that he's shot, sit mounted on
the walls. There's comfy red leather chairs and a bar in the globe.
When WE CUT TO this room, we cut to Stephen sitting in one of the red
leather chairs, drinking a brandy out of a brandy sifter.
Calvin enters the room, sees Stephen sitting in the chair, drinking his
brandy, and doesn't bat an eye. It appears, in this room, Calvin's and
Stephen's life long friendship exits on a different plane. Outside of
outside eyes, in this room, all pretense of master and slave is
dropped, and the number one and number two.. men of Candyland can talk
          Those motherfuckers ain't here to buy no
mandingos. They want that girl. -
          What the hell you talkin' about?
          They playin your ass for a fool, that's
what I'm talkin' bout. They ain't here
for no muscle bound Jimmie, they here for
          Yeah, Hildi. The niggers know each other.
          Did he give you any money?
          - Then he didn't R ..Y diddly, not yet no
how. But he was just about to buy, who he
came here to buy, when I interrupted him.
Thank you Stephen - you're welcome Calvin.
          Where you gettin' all this? Why would they
go through all that trouble, to. buy a
nigger with a chewed up back, ain't worth
          Well they're doin' it cause Django's in
love with Hildi. She's probably his wife.
Now why that German gives a fuck about
who that uppity son-of-a--bitch is in love
with, I'm sure I don't know.
          If she's who they want, why the whole
          Because you wouldn't pay no never mind
to four hundred dollar. But twelve
          Sonsabitches! You just watch, I'm gonna
fix their wagon but good! Stephen, we
.gonna have us a Candyland tar and
          Now Calvin.. .not that I wouldn't enjoy
seein' something like that ... . but why
don't you sit down and let's talk about this.
          I let a goddamn nigger and nigger lovin'
dinner table, and play this whole goddamn
A frustrated Calvin finally collapses in the chair.
          Now look, you knew, and I knew, there
was something up with these two. We just
didn't know what. But now we do. They
don't want you to know how bad they want
that girl. But these ole boys have rode
a lotta miles, went t a whole lotta
trouble, and done spread a whole lotta
bull to get this girl. They must want her
mighty bad. Way I see it, ain't nothin'
changed. They wanna buy a nigger, you
wanna sell a nigger.The only thing done
          Now we got it. .So let's go back in there
           The Dinner Table Guests listen to Lara Lee'Candie-Fitzwilly hold court
melodramatically ... . Till ... . Calvin Candie enters the room from the
Lara Lee, oblivious to her brothers change in demeanor, blurts out upon
          There you are! I was beginning to think
you and that of crow ran off together.
Schultz and Django feel the change in their host's demeanor, as he
stares down the table at them.
          That'd be a hellva note, wouldn't it
          Lara Lee, I just looked out the big winda.
Ace Woody's out there dealin' with some
shady slaver sellin' a passel of Ponys.
Would you be a dear and go out there and
give them gals an eyeball. That of boy
knows everything to know 'bout mandingos,
But he don't know diddly 'bout black puddin'.
Lara Lee excuses herself and leaves the room, as she goes out,
Bartholomew, with his Sawed Off Shotgun, comes.in behind Schultz and
          Can I ask you two gentlemen to look over
Schultz and Django do, and see Bartholomew with his sawed off shotgun
Calvin Candie removes his arm from behind his back, and in his hand
he's holding a big ugly hammer.
          Now lay your palms flat on the table top.
They put their palms on the table.
          Now you lift those palms off that turtle
shell table top, Bartholomew gonna let
loose with both barrels of that sawed off.
There's been a lotta lies said around this
table tonight-but that.. .you can believe.
          Mr.Moguy, would you be so kind as to collect
the pistols hangin' on those boys'hips?
Holding the hammer in his hand, Candie continues to hold court.
          Now where were we? Oh yes, I do believe you
were just getting ready to make me a
Stephen enters the dining room through the kitchen door, holding
roughly in his grip, Broomhilda. He holds a small Derringer pistol
against the side of her head.
          Now it should be quite clear by now I know
you're not here to buy no mandingos.
Reason y'all came to Candyland, is y'all
want Broomhilda. But y'all don't want me
to know how much you want 'er. So instead,
you waste my time with all this Eskimo Joe
          Stephen, put her in that chair.
Stephen sits the young lady down in Moguy's old chair.
With their palms against the table, unarmed, Django and Schultz
Candie, still holding the hammer, continues.
          Now the way I see it, ain't nothin' changed..
You still wanna buy a nigger, I still wanna
sell one. So, with that in mind, in Greenville,
Dr.Schultz, you yourself said, "For the Right
Nigger you'd be willing to pay what some would
consider a ridiculous amount." To which, me
myself said, "What is your definition of
ridiculous?" To which you said, "Twelve
Now considering you two have ridden a whole
lotta miles, went to a whole lotta trouble,
and done spread a whole lotta bull, to
purchase the lovely lady to my left, it would
appear that Broomhilda is, "The Right Nigger."
And if y'all wanna leave Candyland with
Broomhilda, the price is twelve thousand dollars.
I take it you prefer the take it or leave
Candie continuing to hold the hammer continues.
          Under the laws of Chickasaw County,
Broomhilda is my property. And I can do
anything with my property I so desire.
He brings the big hammer down hard on the dinner table, making
          And if you think my price for this nigger
is too steep, what I'm gonna desire to do
is, take this hammer and beat her ass to
death with it. Right in front of both y'all.
He SMASHES the arm rest of the chair Broomhilda's sitting in.
          Put up or shut up, Schultz. You wanna save
this nigger bitch, you gonna pay my price.
May I lift my hands from the table top in
Dr.Schultz removes his long brown leather billfold from his gray suit
He slides the billfold down the table to Candie. The plantation owner
takes out the money, does a quick count, then looks down the table at
          INSERT: Calvin signing over Broomhilda's BILL OF SALE.
Broomhilda stands next to Django, and watches her Master sign her
Dr.Schultz sits off by himself. He's very disturbed.
All the white people with Calvin Candie are happy and celebrate
Candie's successes with glasses of Brandy. Lara Lee, Ace Woody, and
Brown and Cody have joined the' celebration.
For an experienced horsetrader, the just concluded transaction is a
thing of legend. He just sold a Pony, with a tore up back, and a
runaway "r" burned in her cheek - ain't worth five hundred
Stephen smiles and laughs it up with everybody else.
The Other domestics bring out little plates of rhubarb pie, and buzz
around pouring coffee for the white people.
Candie walks over to the seated Schultz, he carries a small plate of
Schultz looks at the pie and the man.
          Are you brooding 'bout me getting the best
Actually, I was thinking of that poor
devil you fed to the dogs today, D'Artagnan.
And I was wondering what Dumas would make of
Calvin hands the doctor the two pieces of paper he needs. Broomhilda's
bill of sale, and her freedom papers. As he says the following he
Alexander Dumas. He wrote "The Three Musketeers."
I figured you must be an admirer. You named
your slave after that novel's lead character.
If Alexander Dumas had been there today, I
wonder what he would of made of it?
Yes his approval would be a dubious proposition
          Schultz rises, puts the papers in his back pocket, .looks to his two
companions, Django and Broomhilda, and says;
          Normally Monsieur Candie, I would say,
auf wiedersehen. But since what auf wiedersehen
actually means is, till I see you again,
and since I never wish to see you again,
to you sir, I say, goodbye.
Schultz begins to cross the room towards the exit.
When Calvin says to the German's back;
          It's a custom here in the South, once a
business deal is concluded, for the two
parties to shake hands. It implies good
          You're in my house, doctor, I'm afraid
Insist what...? That I shake your hand
before I leave? Then I'm afraid I must
Calvin walks closer to the German doctor.
          You know what I think you are?
What you think I am? No I don't.
          I think you are a bad loser.
And I think you're an abysmal winner.
          Never the less, here in Chickasaw County
a deal ain't done till the two parties have
shook hands. Even after all this paper
signin', don't mean shit you don't shake my hand.
If I don't shake your hand, you're gonna throw
Schultz looks to Django and Broomhilda.
          Bartholomew, if she tries to leave here
before this German shakes my hand.
Schultz looks to Django... . then to Candle..
.and then with a smile on his face, and a twinkle in his eye, asks
You really want me to shake your hand?
          The German crosses toward Candie, offering him his hand...
Candie offers his hand to Schultz...
The small DERRINGER POPS into Schultz's outstretched hand...
          He SHOOTS CALVIN CANDIE in the heart.
Candie has a look of shock as blood explodes from his heart, and he
 is BLOWN APART by Bartholomew's SAWED OFF SHOTGUN.
The room comes to its senses and attacks Django and Broomhilda.
We FADE UP FROM BLACK to see:
The soles of Django's bare feet. A rope is tied around the ankles, and
it's obvious he's been strung up, upside down.
The CAMERA moves down his naked body, down his legs (we see his wrists
are'bound with ropes to his thigh), down his bare buttocks, down his
whip scarred back, to the back of his head which hovers just about
three inches from the barn yard wooden floor.
          Eight year old stable boy, Timmy, wipes the unconscious Django's face
with a wet rag. They are all alone in the barn.
Django begins to come to ...
          Hildi, the slave girl that ran away a
couple of days ago. They had her in The
          I don't know 'bout no girl.
          How 'bout that German white man I came
          Oh he's dead. His body's over there.
Django twists upside down on the rope, and sees the corpse of his
friend King Schultz dead on the filthy barn yard floor. The sight of
the lifeless carcass of the doctor fills Django with pain and anger.
Just then head overseer Ace Woody walks in the barn.
Upon seeing Ace, Timmy hightails it out of there, Ace throws an empty
          Django, slightly..swaying to and fro from the rope, looks upside down
at Ace Woody, all dressed up in a black suit with a string tie, which
makes him look a bit like Wyatt Earp.
Django thinks, "How does he know?"
          I knew there was something fishy 'bout, y'all.
We found your wanted posters and book of figures
in your saddle bags. I gotta say, ain't never
heard of no black bounty hunter before. A black
boy paid to kill white men? How did ya like that
          Well, it turns out I was a natural.
          Boy, people 'round here are cross wit you.
Ace Woody pulls up a tiny milking stool, and sits down on it, a body
          See Boss Man was a rather beloved figure
'round here. Now he's dead as fried chicken,
Ace Woody opens his black suit jacket, we see not only does he wear a
gun and holster around his waist, he carries a HUGE BOWIE KNIFE ina
shoulder holster. He removes the big blade from its sheath.
          Yep, Boss Man's gone. Poor Calvin. Poor
goddamn Calvin. We're burnin' him in a few
hours. At sunset. Should be real pretty.
However ... . I don't think you're gonna be
Ace takes the Bowie Knife and THROWS IT...
. IT LANDS stuck in the wooden barn yard floor, four inches from
Ace Woody slowly rises up from the tiny milking stool, and slowly walks
the length of the floor between him and Django, pulls the blade out of
the floor, and walks back to his stool, and sits back down.
As he does this, he says;
          Now I understand you didn't really have
nuttin' to do wit it. It's that German
sunbitch the trouble maker. You just wanted
to git your girl, and hightail your nigger
asses outta here. Now I appreciate that.
But grieving folks 'round here need someone
to blame. And I guess they figure if you
hadn't brought your black ass 'round here
in the first place, Boss Man still be alive.
And you know what, they got a point.
.this time IT LANDS in the floor two inches from Django's face.
He walks the same path from the knife and back to the tiny stool.
          Now when it comes to making a nigger regret
the error of his ways, believe me when I.
tell you, I know every goddamn trick in the
book. Now there's a lotta ass busters out
there try an' git creative with the way they
bust ass. But me... .I always found the best
Django JERKS his head back ...
.and the knife LANDS in the floor, right where Django's head was.
Ace Woody stands up, walks the floor to the Bowie, yanks it out of the
wood., and straightens up, standing right beside the hanging upside down
naked black man. Ace talks confidentially to the bound man at his
          You know Blackie, here at Candyland, I had
me a real sweet deal. These last eleven years
training Calvin's mandingos I made me more
money I made my whole goddamn life.
And no end in sight, neither.
          Then you came along. Knocked me right off
that perch I was sittin' pretty on. You think
Miss Lara gonna be as.interested in
Uuummmm...I don't think so. What I think,
is you done fucked up my good thang.
So when it comes to you, Django boy, you
could say I gotta axe to grind.
          He grabs a handfull of Django's genitals in his fist. He takes his big
Bowie, and places the razor sharp BLADE against Django's nut sack.
Django dances at the end of the rope like live bait on a fishing pole.
          How's the blade of that Bowie feel against
your ball sack, Blackie? A Bowie right off
the wet stone. Now that's what I call sharp.
          Yep nigger, I'm gonna snip them nuts.
          Got to do it, boy. TWO...
          Just then Stephen appears in the entrance of the barn/blacksmith
facility. He's holding Django's clothes in a bundle under his arm.
          Cap't, Miss Lara lookin' for you. She wanna
talk about the Old Man's funeral.
Oh, and she changed her mind 'bout snippin'
Django. She gonna give 'em to the LeQuint
While still keeping a firm grip on Django's'junk, Ace Woody says;
          Well she didn't waste a minute tellin' me.
Ace Woody looks down at Django, both men get over the aborted emotion
          She in the big house. The kitchen.
Ace turns to leave, Stephen goes over to a big fiery furnace in the
blacksmith barn, and begins poking a LONG POKER which lies buried in
Django's clothes are dumped by the furnace.
          You gonna look after our friend?
As, he plays with the poker in the fire, he says;
          Oh yes sirree Bob, you know I am!
' Snowball and a certain naked ass
upside down nigger we both know, gonna
have us a big of chat.
He removes the big black poker from the furnaces fire, it's RED HOT END
          Snowballs just makin' sure his talking
stick is all nice and FROSTY.
Ace Woody chuckles to himself as he exits the barn.
Just Stephen with a red hot poker, and naked, bound upside down Django,
With the red hot poker in his hand Snowball approaches the naked
          I bet you an' that German thought y'all was
on easy street for awhile - didn't ya?
Y'all track Hildi to the Old Man.
You get the idea to go to Greenville -
look up the Ole Man there.
          That was a good idea. I bet y'all couldn't
believe how easy it was. You meet Moguy, he
buys your horseshit. Ya' git your ass invited
to Candyland, no fuss no muss. Ya' ride the
whole way to the plantation, no one the wiser.
Then ya' ride in to Candyland - ride your
goddamn horses right up to the motherfucking
          And that's where you met me. And that's when
you knew your goose was cooked.
He TOUCHES Django's NIPPLE with the ORANGE HOT TIP of the poker.
Unlike a lot of movie hero's, Django doesn't take torture silently and
stoically. This shit fucking hurts, so you best believe he screams his
fucking ass off, and twists in agony when he gets touched by the orange
tip of that red hot poker.
          Now that fancy talkin' white man of yours
didn't know what's what. He still thought his
ass hadda chance. But like the One-Eyed Charly
you are, you always know the end is near
With the ORANGE HOT poker, he BURNS OFF Django's other NIPPLE.
The smell of burned flesh smokes in the air. Stephen makes a show of
He walks behind Django with the poker.
          You know, when you was sittin' on that feather
bed in the quest room in the Big House -
After you slapped my ass to the floor
You were sayin' something 'bout my BARE BLACK
ass, and how you were gonna BUST IT.
He places the HOT ORANGE END OF THE POKER hard against Django's BARE
Stephen walks away and sticks the poker back in the fire. He goes
through Django's clothes and pulls out his tan pants. He tosses them on
the floor by the hanging man.
          You leavin', that's what you can take
Stephen walks over to the hanging upside down man, and as he talks to
him, he begins fondling Django's genitals.
          Now you were quite the topic of conversation
for the last few hours. Seemed like folks
never had a bright idea in their life, was
comin' up with different ways to kill your
ASS. Now most of 'dem ideas involved fuckin
wit your fun parts. But while that might SEEM
like a good idea. Truth is, once ya snip a
niggers nuts, most bleed out. Then I say;
"Hells bells, the niggers we send to LeQuint
Dickey, got it worse then that." Then they're,
"Let's whip 'em to death," "Throw 'em to the
mandingos," "Feed 'em to Stonesipher's dogs."
And then I say, "What's so special 'bout that?
We do that shit all the time. Hells bells,
the niggers we send to LeQuint Dickey got it
          So Miss Lara got the bright idea of givin'
your ass to The LeQuint Dickey Mining Company.
And as a slave of The LeQuint Dickey Mining
Company, hence forth, till the day you die,
you will be swinging a sledgehammer, all day,
every day, turning big rocks into little rocks.
And trust me when I tell you it's gonna be
'bout as much fun as it sounds. We sell 'em
the mandingos ain't good for nuttin' no more.
Like them three y'all came back with. For them
big garboons we get twenty a piece. They last
'bout six months. Skinny nigger like you,
          She's all right for now. Miss Lara
soft hearted on 'er. She gave her
to Billy Crash. He was sweet on 'er.
Now Billy Crash might not look or
smell too good, but ain't nobody
          The Caravan coming from The LeQuint Dickey Mining Company comes riding
up to the plantation. It comes equipped with one CAGE WAGON (from a
prison), ONE white trash PECKAWOOD named FLOYD to drive the wagon, a
nd white trash PECKAWOOD named ROY to ride lead horse, and a white
trash PECKAWOOD named JANO to bring up the rear riding horses ass, plus
a pack horse that carries dynamite for the mine.
The three peckawoods, who all talk with thick Australian accents, have
stopped the caravan and are having a powwow.
          It's chaos 'round here. Some bastard shot
the big boss. Let's git the niggers and
The Three mandingos who weren't sold in Greenville, Rodney, Chicken
Charly, and Chester are walked to the wagon by overseers Tommy Giles.
and Broomhilda's new owner Billy Crash. All three slaves carry the
bundles of personal belongings they've had since Greenville. Chester
wears a hat, and Chicken Charly has a corncob pipe in his mouth.
The wagon driver, Floyd, approaches them.
          I'm.Floyd, this is Roy, and that's Jano.
          All three throw their only belongings in the dirt. Floyd takes the'hat
off of Chester's head and sails it away. As well as ripping the
corncob pipe out of Chicken Charly's mouth and tossing it in the dirt.
You won't be doin' much smokin' mate.
You are now the property of The LeQuint
Dickey Mining Company. Git in the cage.
This is going to be worse then the three even thought. They climb into
the cage wagon. Floyd locks it behind them.
Roy, the head Aussie, pays Billy Crash for the slaves, when we hear Ace
          Hold on, we got another hammer swinger
Ace Woody comes walking out of the barn with Django, shirtless and
old tan pants, and his wrists bound by a rope.
          We can't use that skinny bastard.
          We got an arraignment with Mr.Dickey to take
punishment niggers from time to time.
          No one tole' me 'bout no arraignment.
          Well if Mr.Dickey ain't takin' you into his
confidence, I'm sure I don't know why.
          Look, no one tole' me 'bout -
          - No, you look peckawood, this nigger got Boss
Candie killed. And we want his ass punished.
Now I know you need our bucks. So.unless you
wanna ride back to the mine, and tell Mr.Dickey
how and why you fucked up our nice little
business relationship, take this nigger and
          Fine, stick 'em in the goddamn cage.
          Django sees the three mandingos in the cage. They see him too.
          Whoa whoa whoa, you can't put me in there
with them. They'll kill me. What about all
that -turning big rocks into little rocks-
shit y'all was. talkin' about? I mean that was
the idea ain't it? You put me in there with
them big ass garboons they kill me on the way.
I mean if that's the idea, that's the idea,
but I didn't think that was the idea.
Ace knows he's right, so he turns to Roy and Floyd.
          He can't go in there with them.
          Well we do! He killed the fuckin Boss Man,
we want the mine to grind him to gravel!
          Jano, you're riclin' horses ass, you take this
black and make sure he keeps up.
Jano takes the rope tired around Django's wrists.and ties the other end
The LeQuint Dickey Mining Company caravan leaves Candyland.
          The Caravan makes its way down a dirt road in pretty Chickasaw County.
Stoic Roy riding lead horse, Floyd driving the cage wagon, Rodney,
Chester, and Chicken Charly bouncing around inside the cage wagon, Jano
riding horses ass, and Django being led on foot behind him.
          Keep your mouth shut black, you ain't got
nothing to say I wanna hear.
          You gotta few more things to worry about
black boy, then what I get paid.
          I ain't worried about it. I'm just curious.
I mean, I'm the property of The LeQuint Dickey
          And you work for The LeQuint Dickey Mining
          Well, I know how much I'm gettin' paid,
how much you gettin' paid? I mean like
for instance, how much you gettin' paid
          Look black, it don't work like that. Dickey
paid for our passage from Australia to here.
We get a little money to send back home, and
pay him back for the boat trip.
          And you ain't paid him back yet?
          You a slave too, peckawood. They just bought
your ass for the price of a boat ride.
At least they didn't charge us for our boat
ride ... . ha ha ha ha...
Jano's hand grabs his riding crop, and he brings it up to strike
Django, when the black man says to him;
          How'd you like to make eleven thousand
          How would you like to make eleven thousand
dollars -- eleven thousand five hundred,
Roy, in the lead, yells back to Jano;
          Goddamit Jano, stop fuckin with that black,
They move forward, with Django walking beside Jano on his horse.
          Back at that plantation Candyland, there
was an eleven thousand five hundred dollar
fortune just sittin there, and y'all rode
          You be damned, blackie. We're not bandits.
          That's what's nice about this fortune, it's
not illegal. You can't steal it, ya gotta
          If you got something to say, say it.
          The eleven thousand five hundred dollar fortune
waiting for you back at Candyland, is in the
form of a wanted dead or alive bounty on
Smitty Bacall and the Smitty Bacall Gang.
          Who the fuck is Smitty Bacall?
          Smitty Bacall is the leader of a murdering
gang of stagecoach robbers, The Bacall Gang.
There's a seven thousand dollar dead or alive
bounty on him. And one thousand five hundred
dollars for each of his three accomplices,
Dandy Michaels, Gerald Nash, and Crazy Craig Koons.
And all four of them gentlemen are sittin back
there at Candyland...laughin their ass off...
cause they just got away with murder.
          But it don't hafta be that way. You and your
          The Austin Texas Courthouse. Oh, and by
the way, the court don't give a damn about
how you kill 'em. You can shoot 'em in the
back, from up on a hill, in the back of
the head, in their sleep - don't matter.
          Court doesn't care how you do it, just as
          No. You kill 'em, and they payyou for the
          I think so... . what did these jokers do again?
          Killed innocent people in a stagecoach
robbery. I've got the handbill in my pocket.
Django digs into his tan pants and pulls out the folded up Smitty
Bacall handbill that Dr.Schultz told him to hang on to for good luck.
          I told you, it's the handbill for Smitty
          I can read, I just don't have my glasses.
I didn't take 'em with me, because I didn't
think I'd be doin much readin' on a nigger run.
          What about that cowboy fella in the lead?
          Look, get it straight black, I can fuckin
read. I just don't got my glasses.
          EXT -- BEAUTIFUL MISSISSIPPI COUNTRY TABLEAUX at DUSK
The LeQuint Dickey Mining Co. Caravan has stopped, and pulled over to
          Rodney, Chicken Charly, and Chester sit in the cage, and watch through
the bars this new turn of events without any.clear comprehension of
What the three caged men are watching is the three Australian mining
company employees and Django, off in the distance (where they can't
hear what they're saying), having some sort of a discussion. That
includes the still bound by the wrists Django showing the three men a
          Roy holds it in his hand as he reads and Django talks.
          I ain't no goddamn slave. Do I sound-like
a fuckin slave? I'm a bounty hunter.
Yesterday as a free man, I rode into
Candyland on a horse with my white German
partner, Dr.King Schultz. We'd tracked The
Bacall Gang from Texas all the way to
Chickasaw County. Found them laying low at
Candyland. We went in to get 'em, things
went sour. My partner was killed, and Calvin
Candie was shot. Everybody there decided to
blame me, so here I am.
          You know I'm not on the manifest? All of you
know I'm not suppose to be on this trip.
But those four men, are still back there.
They're still wanted. And that eleven thousand
five hundred is still up for grabs. And the
last thing they'd expect is y'all rid.in back
          What's your deal? You tell us who they are
          I ain't tellin' who they are. But, you give
me a pistol, and a horse, and five hundred
dollars of that eleven thousand five hundred,
and I'll point 'em out to you.
He's got these greedy sonsabitches right on the hook...he just needs
          Y'all wanna ask somebody if I'm tellin the
truth, ask them mandingos. You can't put
me in the same cage with them without them
killin me. Why ya think that is? Ask them
.am I a Candyland slave, or did I ride in
there on a horse, with a white man, yesterday?
          go to the Cage Wagon to talk with the three mandingos. As they walk,
Roy continues to study the handbill.
          "Wanted, dead or alive. Smitty Bacall and
The Bacall Gang. For murder and stagecoach
robbery. Seven thousand dollars for Bacall.
One thousand five hundred dollars for each
of his gang members... ." This is a real handbill.
          Just because the handbill's real doesn't
mean that other bunch of malarky.is.
          Why would a nigger slave have a wanted dead
or alive handbill in his pocket?
Floyd doesn't have an answer for that one.
They get to The Cage O'Men. Roy startles them with a direct question;
That black ride into Candyland yesterday?
The Caged Men don't know what they're suppose to say.
Roy removes the pistol from his belt, cocks back the hammer and points
          I'm gonna ask again, and remember I don't
like liars. Is he a Candyland slave, or did
he ride in with a white man yesterday?
          Yeah. They walked us from the Greenville
Auction and he rode on a horse with a
          This white man, was the black his slave?
Roy starts taking the possibility of an eleven thousand dollar windfall
          Bunch of shootin, master got shot.
          And why did he do that?
          The nigger and the German were actin as if they
Floyd is starting to get convinced.
          Goddamn Roy, this could be big.
Do you know who Smitty Bacall is?
They wouldn't go by their outlaw names
          Roy and Floyd walk back to Django and Jano.
          When we get there, when the time comes,
you let me help you kill 'em.
Roy whips out a big knife, and cuts the rope around Django's wrists.
Roy really laughs this time. As does Django and the other two Aussies.
          You're all right for a black fella!
          Rodney, Chicken Charly, and Chester watch the sight of the white men
cutting the ropes that bound the black man's wrists, as well as them
all sharing a laugh, with wonderment. "Who is this Nigger?"
          We'll give you that pack horse.
          What's them saddle bags filled with?
          I.ain't ridin no horse with no goddamn
          Yeah, I can see why. Jano take those sticks
off that horse, and stick 'em in the nigger
Jano does this, lifting two out of four bags filled with dynamite off
the pack horse, and walking to the cage wagon, unlocking ' the cage door,
and placing the bags inside. The Black Men in the cage don't like this
Jano removes the last of the dynamite filled saddle bags from Django's
horse, throws them over his shoulders, and begins walking back to The
Django moves to his new pack horse, and says;
          Floyd, you got that rifle on the wagon, give
'em your gun and your belt.
Floyd unbuckles his gun belt, gun and all, folds it up, and walks over
to Django handing it to him. Django accepts it.
About the pistol, Floyd tells Django;
          Now don't drop it now. I just had the sights
Django holding the gunbelt in his hand.
Without taking the pistol out of the gunbelt, DJANGO SHOOTS FLOYD TWICE
Django takes the gun out of the holster...
. BAM...ROY is HIT in the UPPER BRAIN AREA and falls to the grass
Jano goes for the gun on his hip.
Django SHOOTS ONE OF THE SADDLE BAGS over.Jano's shoulder...KAHBOOM!!!!!
The KAHBOOM knocks Django on his ass...
Rodney, Chester, and Chicken Charlie come down from the shock of the
blast. The image outside the bars of their cage is of DUST and SMOKE in
          A sudden GUST OF WIND comes and BLOWS all the smoke and dust away,
.DJANGO standing among the two dead Aussies, and whatever is left of
He's shoeless and shirtless, but Floyd's pistol and gunbelt sit
He locks eyes with the three men in the cage..
He then moves towards the wagon, and unhooks the mine company beast,
He leans over and snatches the RIFLE that Floyd kept on the wagon seat
Grabbing a fistful of the horses mane, he digs his heels into the
beast's side. The pack animals SPRINGS TO LIFE under the new rider. By
now it should be apparent that Django brings the best out of horses, and
horses bring the best out of Django.
From his high horse Django looks down at The Three Caged Men...
          Using the rifle in a QUICK ONE HANDED MOVE he SHOOTS the lock on the
He looks at the three men, especially Rodney, then says;
Rodney grabs a saddle bag full of dynamite and tosses it to Django on
Django wraps it around the Horse's neck, turns the beast around, and
without saying another word, rides back in the direction of Candyland.
The Three NOW FREE Mandingos, watch him ride away.
A GORGEOUS BIG SKY SOUTHERN PURPLE AND ORANGE SUNSET WE PAN DOWN from
the sky and see in small black silhouette the Funeral Procession of
Calvin Candie carrying the Coffin of the former Master up the hill on
'Candyland that leads to the Graveyard.
A WHITE PREACHER walks out in front of the Procession.
Then comes Calvin Candie's Coffin carried by eight pallbearers,
Stephen, Moguy, Bartholomew, Ace Woody, Brown, Cody, and his best
The first mourner in line is Lara Lee dressed in a fancy black dress,
wide brim black hat, black veil, and ever present black Mammy 
          The sky's real pretty Miss Lara. Monsieur
          Ah, bless you sweet innocent Cora.
          of Django RIDING THE HORSE on the way back to Candyland. The bare
backed black man riding the horse bareback, holding the RIFLE in one
hand, a fistful of the horses mane in the other, hauling ass against a
gorgeous SUNSET SKY, looks like an Indian.
          The same GORGEOUS SUNSET SKY over the same shitty Tracker shack
-Bunkhouse that Mr.Stonesipher and his three obscure companions share.
The GERMAN SHEPHERDS  rest in the chicken wire kennel
          The FOUR TRACKERS are.missing the funeral, hanging out in the bunkhouse
wearing their beards. Mr.Stonesipher, Lex, and Stew are playing a
mountain card game which looks like poker, except the way you get rid of
your cards is different. Instead of chips they play with, "NIGGER EARS"
. On a second viewing the audience may notice
that some of the slaves at Candyland are missing one ear.
Jake, the biggest, is off by himself, pounding nails into a small
          INSERT: HORSE HOOFS walking then stopping. Django's bare feet jump on
          The FOUR DOGS lay out... . when, Marsha hears something, and raises her
          rises to all fours, to listen and smell. out in the darkness, her three
          he can see the bunkhouse entrance, the LONG HANDLE AXE buried in the
chopping block, the kennel, and the one dog looking his way.
          The Other Three Dogs wake up, and go on alert.
Jake, the one not playing the game, puts aside his hammer, and rises to
          As the BARKING gets louder, WE SEE A CLOSE UP of The Axe in the
chopping block, and Django's hand REMOVING IT.
          opens the bunkhouse door-he sees directly a hundred feet in front of
him, Django standing there with the axe. Just as he reacts...
After letting go of the axe handle, Django RUNS FULL SPEED toward Jake.
Before the other three have really registered what's happening, Django
has crossed the distance, and is YANKING The Axe out of JAKE'S FACE.
And with AXE in hand, Django chases and fights with all three trackers,
till after a point where he's CHOPPED DOWN TWO OF THEM, Lex, and Stew,
and now there's only Mr.Stonesipher left.
But Mr.Stonesipher has managed to draw his gigantic BUCK KNIFE, and is
able to fight back against Django. You know Stonesipher's great with a
knife, plus his fighting style is like one of his dogs, attack attack
Django uses the axe handle in a defensive position.
The expert Mountain Boy begins SCORING BLADE CUTS on shirtless Django.
The two men fight until they end up losing their weapons. Then it's
just a fight of brute strength, and survival. Mr.Stonesipher is
physically bigger then Django. But if Django's going to save Broomhilda,
not to mention get revenge on all these Candyland motherfuckers, he has
This Black Man who has been under the yoke of white man's domination
all his life, and this White Man who feeds black people to dogs, fight
Django gets his arm around Stonesipher's neck in a headlock, but the
mountain boy is big enough to lift Django. So like a rodeo rider
holding onto bull for dear life, Django tightens his lock around his
opponents neck. Django gets his hand on the HAMMER Jake was building
the birdhouse with, and BRINGS IT CRASHING DOWN ON THE TOP OF
He HITS HIM AGAIN IN THE HEAD.
That drops Stonesipher to his knees.
He HITS HIM AGAIN WITH THE HAMMER ON THE HEAD.
That puts the mountain man down on his back.
He HITS HIM ONE MORE TIME WITH THE HAMMER TO keep him down for good.
Only the dogs mad barking remains.
EXT - The FUNERAL - NIGHT
The Funeral for Calvin Candie is underway. The Preacher reads some
          Django, half naked, splattered with blood from the axe murders, steps
out of the shack. He takes a wash basin off the window sill, and walks
Marsha and her three friends-continue to BARK like mad.
He PUMPS a couple of times, and water explodes into the bowl. He
begins washing the blood-off'of himself. As he washes, he says outloud;
          What ya doin around here, boy?
Timmy steps from his watching place in the bushes.
          My woman, Hildi, is with Billy Crash.
You know where his shack is?
          Not by the time I get through killin'
Timmy has never heard a black man talk like that. He believes him.
          Django turns towards the barking dogs. He turns back to Timmy and asks;
          You know what toadstools look like?
          Go pick me a mess of 'em.
INSERT: DJANGO stirring a big pot of BEEF STEW with a wooden spoon in
Timmy comes'in carrying a bunch of toadstools inside his shirt.
Django takes the toadstools and Mr.Stonesipher's BUCK KNIFE and CHOPS
He tosses the tiny bits of poisoned shrooms into the beefy sauce, and
mixes it up with the spoon.
          Django throws the pot of poisoned beef stew over the top of the kennel.
It lands on the ground with a PLOP.
The Angry Dogs, are nevertheless', still dogs, and greedily scarf up
Django watches them wolf down their ultimate agony with a smile.
          You bit your last nigger, bitch? Bite on that.
Django lifts Timmy up on to the bare backed wagon horse.
          First things first, boy. Take me to my horse.
          The funeral is in full melodramatic bore.
          Timmy brings Django to the stable on the Candyland grounds. Django goes
straight up to the stall housing Tony and says hello. Tony's happy to
see him. Django feeds him an apple he picked along the way for him.
He turns and sees the body of Dr.Schultz lying in a heap.
And Schultz's horse Fritz in the stable.
Django bends down over the body of Dr.Schultz, he takes Broomhilda's
bill of sale and freedom papers out of his back pocket. He also
searches for and finds Schultz's hidden DERRINGER, he keeps it in a
As Timmy saddles the horses, he asks;
          Do you feel bad for your friend?
Django rises from the body of his friend.
As Timmy saddles the horses he says;
          I know just how ya feel. I lost a white
friend once. He drowned in the lake.
Django doesn't correct the difference between Dr.Schultz and a white
friend, because there's nothing he could say to Timmy to make him
He goes over to his pile of clothes, which still lie next to the
furnace. He Puts on his boots. His Green Jacket over his bare chest.
EXT - The FUNERAL - NIGHT
The service is over, everybody is hugging each other and holding hands,
          Billy Crash is in bed fucking Broomhilda. She doesn't wail, she doesn't
make any whimpering sounds, but her eyes constantly water.
As Billy's fucking her he says;
          It's gonna be real nice 'round here now
          Would you stop your galdarn cryin'!
          Now girl, I'm tryin' to be nice.
          I can't help it! I'm really sad!
He hops off her and yells at her.
          Well goddamit, you're a nigger! Life is sad
for niggers! Git use to it!
          Look you know Me, Hildi. I'm an ass buster
from way back. But you know I've always been
sweet on you. I don't wanna bust your ass.
So don't make me! Now I'm gonna go shit.
He exits the shack to go the outhouse, leaving Broomhilda alone.
WE MOVE INTO A CLOSE UP OF BROOMHILDA lying on the bed. She cries for
          She HEARS an IMPACT SOUND, and a MUFFLED "Ooomph" SOUND.
And through the spaces in the wooden planks that act as walls in Billy
Crash's shack, she sees a figure fall to the ground.
Then she sees another figure through the wooden planks move towards the
          Her face, stained with tears, watches the door.
A soft "Knock Knock" on the door.
The VOICE on the other side of the door, says;
          She hops out of bed, and throws open the door...
EXT - The FUNERAL - NIGHT
The TWO OLD SLAVE.GRAVE DIGGERS are throwing the first shovelfuls of
dirt on Monsieur Calvin J. Candie's coffin.
The participants of this ritual, begin to move away from the grave. The
funeral is a private affair, just the Candie Family Unit, some of the
overseers, and the slaves. No one from town, except the Preacher.
The SLAVE MOURNERS begin. to move towards their living area, all saying
goodbye to Miss Lara. Miss Lara makes a big show of saying goodbye to
A little cognizant of the Candie Family unit begin the walk off the
hill back to the big house.
          Django with Broomhilda. Billy Crash lies dead in the B.G., Stonesipher's
Buck Knife buried deep in his chest. He hands Broomhilda her papers.
          Here's your bill of sale, and freedom papers.
No matter what happens to me, hold on to these
and get out of the south.
          Ain't nuttin' gonna happen to me honey,
I'm just sayin'. Now go to the stable, little
Timmy's got our horses .saddled. Your horse is
named Fritz. He's a damn fine horse. Meet me
around the side of the big house.
          - Don't worry about me. I'll see you, with
Timmy and the horses, by the big house.
He sends her on her way.
Django looks up and sees the silhouettes of the funeral party walking
down hill heading back for the big house.
          EXT - The TRAIL BACK TO The BIG HOUSE - NIGHT
The Family unit of The Late Calvin Candie and his sister Lara Lee walk
back to The Big House for a drink. This Candie Family Unit consists of:
LARA LEE  in her black flowing funeral dress.
CORA  her mammy, walks with Miss Lara, holding her hand.
STEPHEN.  dressed in his fancy black velvet version of his
normal House Nigger outfit, walks on the other side of his mistress
Miss Lara, holding her other hand.
ACE WOODY  dressed in his Wyatt
Earp like funeral black suit, with the string tie, walks by himself.
BARTHOLOMEW  dressed in his tight fitting business suit, with
BROWN and JINGLE BELLS CODY  both
dressed slightly like cowboy peacocks, walk together.
SAMSON and GOLDIE  Calvin Candie's two prized mandingos,
wearing suits they borrowed from Bartholomew..
This CANDIE FAMILY UNIT walk to The Big House for a few post funeral
They enter the lawn in front of The Big House, and head for the front
Broomhilda on Fritz and Timmy riding on Tony come along the side of the
property by some shed. They see The Candie Family Unit, all dressed in
their darkest finery, walking towards the front steps of The Big House.
The woman and little boy stop. But the group of enemies aren't looking
moves closer towards the front of The Big House...
          The front of The Big House
          knocking the.Candie Family Unit flat on their collective asses.
starts coming to their senses. Nobody was killed, or even seriously
As their minds try and grasp with what just happened, their eyes look
up from the ground, and try and see through the smoke and dust.
The'SMOKE and DUST thins a little, and we see inside the smoke the
mansion has been obliterated, but The Big House front steps remain.
STEPHEN sees something in the smoke, squints.
ACE WOODY sees something in the smoke, squints.
BROWN and CODY see something in the smoke, squint.
In the SMOKE and DUST we begin to see a FIGURE, walking towards them.
ACE WOODY squints at the FIGURE.
CORA attending to Miss Lara sees the FIGURE, then MISS LARA sees it.
The FIGURE moves further out of the SMOKE and DUST.
ACE WOODY, on the ground, his hand starts to move towards the gun
Then he sees The FIGURE.is carrying something in his left hand...
.it's Floyd's Winchester, he raises it, and points it at Ace.
ACE WOODY's hand moves away from his gun.
The FIGURE steps out of the SMOKE. It's DJANGO dressed in his DJANGO
          STEPHEN, ACE WOODY, MOGUY, LARA LEE, BARTHOLOMEW, CORA, BROWN and
JINGLE BELLS CODY, SAMPSON or GOLDIE...Nobody can believe Django's
He stands at the top of the front steps of The Big House, looking down
at The Candie Family Unit, all lying on the front lawn, Winchester
rifle held casually in his left hand. His right hand held casually by
all on their ass in the grass, look up at Django with a mixture of
As DJANGO looks out at the ten stunned enemies spread out on The Big
House front lawn,. and as they look back from the grass at him.
The black man in the cool green jacket says;
          I bet I.know what you're thinkin', Ace Woody?
You'.re thinkin', why didn't I'cut off that
niggers nuts when . had the'chance? Right?
He points the Winchester at the people spread out on the grass.
It's now Django who gives the orders. They stand up quickly.
Django, with the rifle pointing at them, just looks at The Candie
Family Unit. Enjoying their collective hatred.
Then moves his right hand by his gun belt in his holster, as he takes a
DJANGO looks down from his position at the top of The Big House steps
at the ten people, and says;
          All black folks, take ten steps away from
DJANGO's eyes go to STEPHEN, who looks back at him.
          Not you Stephen. You're right where you
          The Black Folks, Cora, Bartholomew, Samson, and Goldie begin taking ten
steps away from the White Folks and the gunfight.
LARA LEE can't believe Cora's leaving her.
CORA is "I'm sorry Miss Lara, but I never did nuttin' to that nigger."
DJANGO looks to STEPHEN, and takes Schultz's hidden Derringer out of
          Let's see if you can handle this as well
He tosses the Ole Man the tiny gun.
          Somebody give Miss Lara a gun.
BROWN gives LARA LEE one. of his two guns.
          Can I at least cock it for her?
BROWN cocks back the hammer of the peacemaker, and puts it in her hand,
and points it towards the ground.
Okay Miss Lara, keep it pointed down till
the shootin' starts. Then bring it up as
LARA LEE CANDIE-FITZWILLI can't come to grips with what she's.in the
middle of, who she's facing, what's in her hand, or what's about to
          EVERYBODY, except for LARA LEE is READY:
          The PEOPLE watching on the side:
          EVERYONE'S ready, but no one wants to start this party...
          ACE WOODY starts to go for the gun in his holster, and STEPHEN starts
As soon as Django saw any movement from the six in front of him,
Floyd's Pistol was QUICKSILVER FAST in. his right hand, as his left hand
FANNED the Pistols Hammer, SHOOTING INSTANTLY all five White People (and
Stephen) standing in front of him.
They all fall to grass in different ways..
It was never any contest, they and WE  just didn't know
          DJANGO showing off his incredible FAST DRAW and ACCURATE MARKSMANSHIP
          You know what they're going to call you,
my boy? "The fastest gun in the South."
          DJANGO stands on the top steps of what's left of'The Big House, looking
down at The Candie Family Unit, who all lay dead or dying on the
The WITNESSES can't fathom what they'just witnessed.
          All the CANDIE FAMILY UNIT lies on the grass SHOT. But some are still
alive. We HEAR MOANING coming from LARA LEE, CODY, and MOGUY.
The Black Man reaches behind him and comes out with a DYNAMITE STICK.
He tosses it on the grass among the bodies.
He takes aim with his pistol; and FIRES.
Finishing off what was left of the Candie Family Unit, not to mention,
blowing the limbs off of many of them.
DJANGO'S PISTOL goes back in its holster.
Django walks down the front steps of The Big House, feeling tremendous
satisfaction in the wrath he just wroth on Candie and Co.
He removes Dr.Schultz's tiny Derringer from Stephen's dead hand,
putting it in his pocket. Then heads over to where Broomhilda and Timmy
wait for him with Fritz and Tony.
As he,walks up to Broomhilda on Fritz, he says;
Django climbs aboard Tony. He says to Broomhilda;
          I tole' you ain't nuttin' gonna happen
          Girl, you're gonna hafta start trustin' me.
He reaches into his saddle bag, and pulls out an apple, and tosses it
          That's for you. Good luck Tim.
The North star, is that one.
He looks to Broomhilda on Fritz.
          You gonna hafta keep up, ya know?
Then, astride Tony, Django leaves Candyland having rescued his
Broomhilda from her Mountain, her Ring of Hellfire, and all her
          One of his three pretty teenage daughters, is hanging up laundry on
the clothes line. As she hangs up a white bed sheet, she hears a
noise, moving the sheet aside she see's;
          A Nazi town car convertible, with two little nazi flags attached to
the hood, a NAZI SOLDIER behind the wheel, a NAZI OFFICER alone in the
back seat, following TWO OTHER NAZI SOLDIERS on motorcycles, coming up
over the hill on the country road leading to their farm.
The French Farmer sinks his axe in the stump, looks over his shoulder,
The FARMERS WIFE, CHARLOTTE comes to the doorway of their home,
followed by her TWO OTHER TEENAGE DAUGHTERS, and see the Germans
The Farmer yells to his family in FRENCH, SUBTITLED IN ENGLISH;
          Go back inside and shut the door.
Julie, get me some water from the pump
to wash up with, then get inside with
The young lady runs to the water pump by the house. She picks up a
basin, and begins pumping, after a few pumps, water comes out
The French Farmer sits down on the stump he was previously chopping
away at, pulls a handkerchief from his pocket, wipes sweat from off
his face, and waits for the Nazi convoy to arrive. After living for
a year with the sword of Damocles suspended over his head, this may
Julie finishes filling the water basin, and places it on the window
          Thank you darling, now go inside and
take care of your mother. Don't run.
Julie walks inside the farm house and closes the door behind her.
As her father stands up from his stump, and moves over to the window
.The SOUND of the ENGINES of the two motorcycles and car get LOUDER.
The Farmer SPLASHES water from the basin on his face and down his
front. He takes a towel off a nail, and wipes the excess water from
his face and chest, as he watches the two motorcycles, the one
automobile, and the four representatives of the National Socialist
Party come to a halt on his property.
We don't move into them, but keep observing them from a distance, like
The TWO NAZI MOTORCYCLIST are off their bikes, and standing at
The NAZI DRIVER has walked around the automobile, and opened the door
The NAZI OFFICER says to The Driver in UNSUBTITLED GERMAN;
          This is the property of Perrier LaPadite?
The Nazi officer climbs out of the back the vehicle, carrying
          Herman, until I summon you, I am to be
The S.S. COLONEL yells to The Farmer in FRENCH, SUBTITLED IN ENGLISH;
          Is this the property of Perrier LaPadite?
The S.S. Colonel crosses the distance between them with long strides,
and says in French with a smile on his face;
          It is a pleasure to meet you Monsieur
LaPadite, I am Colonel Hans Landa of
COLONEL.HANS LANDA offers the French Farmer PERRIER LAPADITE his hand.
The Frenchman takes the German hand in his and shakes it.
          I was hoping you could invite me inside
your home and we may have a discussion.
          The door to the farm house swings open, andtheaFarmer gesturestfor
the S.S. COL to enter. Removing his grey S.S. cap,
Col Landa is immediately greeted with the sight of the Farmers wife,
and three pretty daughters standing together in the kitchen, smiling
The Farmer enters behind him, closing the door.
          Colonel Landa, this is my family.
The S.S. COL clicks his heels together, and takes the hand of the
          Col Hans Landa of the S.S. madame,
He kisses her hand, then continues without letting go of his hostess
          please excuse my rude intrusion on your
While still holding the French Woman's hand, and looking into her
          Monsieur LaPadite, the rumors I have
heard in the village about your family
are all true. Your wife is a beautiful
His eyes leave the mother, and move to the three daughters.
          And each of your daughters is more lovely
The Farmer offers The S.S. Colonel a seat at the families wooden
dinner table. The Nazi officer excepts the French Farmers offer,
and lowers himself into the chair. Placing his grey S.S. cap on
the table, and keeping his black attache case on the floor by his
The Farmer  turns to his Wife and says;
          Charlotte, would you be so good as to get
          Merci be coupe Monsieur LaPadite, but no
wine. This being a dairy farm one would
be safe in assuming you have milk?
          Then milk is what I prefer.
The mother of three, takes a craft of milk out of the ice box,
and pours a tall glass of the fresh white liquid for The Colonel.
The S.S. Colonel takes a long drink from the glass, then puts it down
          Monsieur, to both your family, and your
The French Farmer sit's at his wooden dinner table across from
Col Landa leans forward, and says to the Farmer in a low tone of
          Monsieur LaPadite, what we have to
discuss,' would be better discussed in
private. You'll notice, I left my men
outdoors- if it wouldn't offend them,
could you ask your lovely ladies to step
Charlotte, would you take the girls
outside. The Colonel and I need to have
The Farmers wife follows her husbands orders, and gathers her
daughter's taking them outside, closing the door behind them.
The Two Men are alone, at the farmers dinner table, in the Farmers
          Monsieur LaPadite, I regret to inform
you I've exhausted the extent of my
French. To continue to speak it so
embarrass me. However, I've been lead
to believe you speak English quite well?
          Well, it just so happens, I do as well.
This being your house, I ask your
permission to switch to English, for the
familiar with you, and your family.
I have no way of knowing if you are
familiar with who I am. Are you aware
          This is good. Are you aware of the job
I've been ordered to carry out in France?
          Please tell me what you've heard?
          I've heard, the fuhrer has put you in
charge of rounding up the Jews left in
France who are ether hiding, or passing
          The Fuhrer couldn't of said it better
          But the meaning of your visit, pleasant
though it is, is mysterious to me.
The Germans looked through my house nine
months ago for hiding Jews, and found
          I'm aware of that, I read the report on
this area. But like any enterprise,
always a slight duplication of efforts.
Most of it being a complete waste of time,
but needs to be done nevertheless.
I just have A few questions Monsieur
LaPadite, if you can assist me with
answers, my department can close the
Taking his black leather attache case, and placing it on the table, he
takes out a folder from inside. He also extracts a expensive black
fountain pen from his uniform front pocket. Opening the folder, and
          Now before the occupation there were
four Jewish families in this area, all
The Loveitts, The Doleracs, The Rollins,
and The Dreyfus's, is that correct?
          To my knowledge those were the Jewish
- Heer Colonel, would it disturb you if
          Please, Monsieur LaPadite, it is your
The Farmer gets up from the table, goes to his shelf over the
fireplace, and removes from it a WOODEN BOX that contains all the
fixins to his pipe. He sits back down at the table with his Nazi
As The Farmer loads the bowel of his pipe with tobacco, sets a match
to it, and begins slowly puffing, making it red hot, the S.S. Colonel
studies the papers in front of him.
          Now according to these papers, all
the Jewish families in this area have
been accounted for - except, The Dreyfusis.
Somewhere in the last year it would appear
Which leads me to the conclusion that
they've ether made good their escape,
or someone is very successfully hiding
          What have you heard about The Dreyfusis
          - I love rumors! Facts can be so
misleading, where rumors, true or false
are often reveling. So Monsieur LaPadite,
what rumors have you heard regarding
          Speak freely Monsieur LaPadite, I want
to hear what the rumors are, not who told
The Farmer puffs thoughtfully on his pipe.
          Again, this is just a rumor - but we
heard the Dreyfusis had made there way
          So the rumors you've heard have been of
          Were the LaPadites and the Dreyfusis
As the Farmer answers this question, the CAMERA LOWERS behind his
chair, to the floor, past the floor, to a small area underneath the
          lying vertically underneath the farmers floorboards. These human
beings are The DREYFUSIS, who have lived lying down underneath the
dairy farmers house for the past year. But one couldn't call what The
Dreyfusis have done for the last year living. This family has done the
only thing they could, hidden from a occupying army that wishes to
          We were families in the same community,
in the same bussiness. I wouldn't say
we were friends, but members of the same
The S.S. Colonel takes in this answer, seems to except it, then moves
          Having never met the Dreyfusis, would
you confirm for me the exact members of
          And the children... Amos... and Shoshanna.
          Amos - six - I believe. And Shosanna,
was fifteen or sixteen, I'm not really
          The Mother and her three Daughters finish taking the laundry off the
They can't hear anything going on inside.
e three Nazi Soldiers watch the three Daughters.
          Well I guess that should do it.
Be begins gathering up his papers, and putting them back into his
the Farmer, cool as a cucumber, puffs on his pipe.
          However, before I go, could I have another
Farmer stands up, goes over to the ice box, and takes out the
aft of milk. As he walks over and fills the Nazi Colonel's glass,
          Monsieur LaPadite, are you aware of the
nickname the people of France have given
          I have no interest in such things.
          But you are aware of what they call me?
          That they call you, "The Jew Hunter".
apparently hated the moniker the good
people of Prague bestowed on him.
Actually why he would hate the name,
"The Hangman", is baffling to me
It would appear he did everything in
his power to earn it. But I, on the
other hand, love my unofficial title,
As "The Jew Hunter" enjoys his fresh milk, he continues to theorize
          The feature that makes me such a effective
hunter of the Jews, is, as opposed to most
German soldiers, I can think like a jew.
where they can only think like a German,
or more precisely, a German soldier.
Now if one were to determine what attribute
the German people share with a beast, it
would be the cunning and predatory instinct
          Negro's - gorilla's - brain - lips -
smell - physical strength - penis size.
But, if one were to determine what attributes
the jews share with a beast, it would be
Now the Fuhrer and Gobbles propaganda
have said pretty much the same thing.
Where our conclusions differ, is I don't
Consider for a moment, the world a rat
lives in. It's a hostile world indeed.
If a rat were to scamper through your
front door right now, would you greet it
          Has a rat ever done anything to you to
create this animosity you feel toward
          Rat's spread disease, they bite people -
          - Unless some fool is stupid enough to
try and handle a live one, rats don't
make it a practise of biting human beings.
Rats were the cause of the bubonic plague,
but that was some time ago. In all your
born days, has a rat ever caused you to
be sick a day in your life? I purpose to
you, any disease a rat could spread,
Yet I assume you don't share the same
animosity with squirrels that you do with
          Yet, they are both rodent's, are they
not? And except for the fact that one
has a big bushy tail, while the other
has a long repugnt tail of rodent skin,
they even rather look alike, don't they?
          However, interesting as the thought may
be, it makes not one bit of difference
to how you feel. If a rat were to scamper
through your door, this very minute,
would you offer it a saucer of your
          I didn't think so. You don't like them.
You don't really know why you don't like
them. All you know is, you find them
What a tremendously hostile world a rat
must endure. Yet, not only does he
survive, he thrives. And the reason for
this, is because our little foe has a
second to none. And that Monsieur, is
what a jew shares with a rat.
a search of a house suspected of hiding
jews. Where does the hawk look? He looks
in the barn, he looks in the attic,
he looks in the cellar - he looks
everywhere, he would hide. But there are
many places it would never occur to a
hawk to hide. However the reason the
Fuhrer brought me off my Alps in Austria,
and placed me in French cow country today,
is because it does occur to me. Because
I'm aware what tremendous feats human
beings are capable of once they abandon
May I smoke my pipe as well?
Th e Farmer's cool facade is little by little eroding.
          Please, Cononel, make yourself at home.
          The Jew Hunter, removes both a pipe and a bag of tobacco fixings.
The pipe, strangely enough, is a Calabash, made from a "S" shaped goard
kith a yellow skin, made famous by Sherlock Holmes.
A the Nazi Colonel, busies himself with his smoking life, he
ontinues to hold court at the Frenchmans table.
          The other mistake the German soldier
make is their severe handling of the
citizens who give shelter and aid to
the Jews. These citizens are not enemies
of the state. They are simply confused
people, trying to make some sense out of
These citizens do not need punishing.
They simply need to be reminded of their
Let's use you as a example Monsieur
LaPadite. In this war, you have found
yourself in the middle of a conflict
that has nothing to do with yourself,
your lovely ladies, or your cows - yet,
So Monsieur LaPadite, let me purpose
a question. In this time of war, what is
your number one duty? Is it to fight the
Germans in the name of France to your
last breath? Or, is it to harass the
occupying army to the best of your
ability? Or, is it to protect the poor
unfortunate victims of warfare who can
Or, is your number one duty in this time
of bloodshed, to protect those very
The Colonel lets the last statement stand.
          That was a question Monsieur LaPadite.
In this time of war, What do you consider
          Now, my job dictates, that I must have
my men enter your home, and conduct a
thorough search, before I can officially
cross your families name off my list.
          And if there are any irregularities to be
found, rest assured, they will be.
That is unless, you have something to tell
me that will make the conducting of a
          I might add also, that any information
that makes the preforming of My duty
easier, will not be met with punishment.
Actually quite the contrary, it will be
And that reward will be, your family
will cease to be harassed in anyway,
by the German military during the rest
of our occupation of your country.
The Farmer, pipe in mouth, stares across the table at his German
          You are sheltering enemies of the state,
          Point out to me the area's where their
The Farmer points out the area's on the floor with the Dreyfusis are
          Since I haven't heard any disturbance,
I assume that while their listening,
          I'm going to switch back to french now,
and I want you to follow my masquerade
Colonel Landa stands up from the table, and switching to FRENCH says
          Monsieur LaPadite, I thank you for milk,
and your hospitably. I do believe our
The Nazi Officer opens the front door, and silently motions for his
          Mademoiselle LaPadite, I thank you for
your time, we shant be bothering your
Yet the LaPadite women watch the Nazi soldiers, machine guns at ready,
The Soldiers enter the doorway, Col Landa, silently points out area of
the floor the Jews are hiding under.
otions to the Soldiers with his index finger.
wy TEAR UP the wood floor with MACHINE GUN FIRE.
The little farm house is filled with SMOKE, DUST, SPLINTERS, SCREAMS,
ULLET CASINGS, and even alittle BLOOD.
With a hand motion from the Colonel, the Soldiers cut off their
gunfire. The Colonel keeps his finger in the air to indicate silence.
          The entire Dreyfus family lay dead. Except for sixteen year old
$HOSANNA, who miraculously escaped being struck by the nazi's bullets.
With her dead family surrounding her, the young girl goes for freedom
          ears movement underneath the floor, looks down and see's a SHAPE
Wing forward between the planks in the floor.
          KICKED open, the girl SPRINGS out.
          ae he crosses the floor, he see's the young girl RUNNING towards the
cover of the woods. He unlatches the window, and opens it. Shosanna
to perfectly FRAMED in the window sill.
          RUNNING towards woods. Farm house and Col in the window in B.G.
same as a animal being chased by a predator FLIGHT - PANIC - FEAR
          the safety of tree's, getting closer.
          Pramed by the window, takes his LUGAR, and straight arm aims at the
fleeing Jew, cocking back the hammer with his thumb.
          SLOW ZOOM into his eyes as he aims.
          changes his mind. He yells to the rat fleeing the trap, heading for the
safety of the wood pile, in FRENCH SUBTITLED IN ENGLISH;
          Au revoir, Shosanna! Till we meet again!
          Maces it to the woods, and is gone.
T h e S.S. Colonel closes the window.
          diihe ac seat of the convertible, that'sa stsn tColonel Hans Lan
speeding away from the French farm house.
Landa speaks to his Driver in GERMAN, SUBTITLED into ENGLISH;
          Herman, I sense` a question on your lips?
          Why did yoy allow a enemy of the state
          Oh, I don't think the state is in too
          I'm glad you see it my way. Besides,
not putting a bullet in the back of a
fifteen year old girl, and allowing
her to escape, our not nessessarlly
the same thing. She's a young girl, no food,
no shelter, no shoes, who's just witnessed
the massacre of her entire family.
She may not survive the night. And after
word spreads about what happened today,
it's highly unlikely she will find any
willing farmers to extend her aid.
If I had to guess her fate, I'd say she'll
probably be turned in by some neighbour.
Or, she'll be spotted by some German
soldier. Or, we'll find her body in the
woods, dead from starvation or exposure.
elude capture. She will escape to America.
She will move to New York city.
Where she will be elected, President of
The S.S. Colonel chuckles at his little funny.
          A bunch of SOLDIERS are lined up at attention.
LIEUTENANT ALDO.RAINE, a hillbilly from the mountains of
Tennessee, walks down the line. He recruits the men, the
Germans will later call; "The Basterds". Lt.Aldo has one
defining physical characteristic, a ROPE BURN around his
neck. As if once upon a time,. he survived a LYNCHING.
The scar will never once be mentioned.
          My name is Lt.Aldo Raine, and I'm
And I need me eight soldiers.
Eight - Jewish - American - soldiers.
Now y'all might of heard rumors
Well, we'll be leavin a little
And once we're in enemy territory, as
gonna be doin one thing, and thing
The Members of the National Socialist
terror. And that's exactly what we're
gonna do to them. Now I don't know
bout y'all? But I sure as hell, didnt
come down from the goddamn Smoky
of water, fight my way through half
Sicily, and then jump out of a fuckin
lessons in humanity. Nazi ain't got
no humanity. There the foot soldiers
of a Jew hatin, mass murderin manic,
and they need to be destroyed.
That's why any and every son-of-a--bitch
we find wearin a Nazi uniform, there
          We will be cruel to the Germans,
and through our cruelty, they will
know who we are. They will find the
evidence of our cruelty, in the
we leave behind us. And the German
will not be able to help themselves
brothers endured at our hands, and
our boot heels, and the edge of our
And the Germans, will be sickened by us.
And the Germans, will talk about us.
And the Germans, will fear us.
And when the Germans close their eyes
at night, and their sub conscious
tortures them for the evil they've done,
it will be with thoughts of us,
He stops pacing, and looks at everybody.
          That's what I like to hear. But I
got a word of warning to all would-be
warriors. When you join my command,
you take on debit. A debit you owe
me, personally. Every man under my
command, owes me, one hundred nazi scalps.
And all y'all will git me, one hundred
Nazi scalps, taken from the heads of
          A huge Chalet on a misty mountain top in Barvia.
          In a huge room, ADOLPH HITLER, pounds on a big table with
his fist, as he rants at TWO GERMAN GENERALS.
They speak GERMAN SUBTITLED into ENGLISH;
          How much more of these jew swine
must I endure? They butcher my men
like they were fish bait! This pack
of filthy degenerates, are doing what
the Russian army didn't, and Patton's
          Just the cowards among them mine
Hitler pounds furiously on the desk with his fist.
          No, no, no, no, no, no! I have heard
the rumors myself! Solders of The Third
Reich, who have brought the world to
there knee`s, now pecking and clucking
like chickens. Do you know the latest
rumor they've conjured up, in their fear
induced delirium? The one that beats
my boys with a bat. The one they call
A avenging jew angel, conjured up by
a vengeful rabbi, to smite the Aryans!
          Mine Fuhrer, this is just soldiers
gossip, no one really believes The
          Why not? They seem to be able to elude
They seem to be able to appear and
          You want to prove their flesh and
blood? Then BRING THEM TO ME!
I will hang them naked, by their
And then throw their bodies in
the sewers, for the rats of Paris
The Fuhrer sits down at the table to compose himself, and
wipe his greasy black hair out of his face.
He hits the button on the intercom on his desk.
          KLIEST VOICE comes out of the intercom;
          I have a order I want relayed to all
The Jew degenerate known as The Bear
Jew, hence forth, is never to be
referred to as The Bear Jew again.
We will cease to aid the Americans
any longer in there attempt to
          Yes mine Fubrer. Do you still wish
          Who and what is a private Butz?
          He's the soldier you wanted to see
by Lt.Raines Jews. He was it's only
          Indeed I do want to see him, thank
you for reminding me. Send him in.
          His head lies on the ground horizontal. A HAND reaches into
FRAME, KNOCKS aside the dead German patriots helmet, and
grabs a handful of the cadavers blonde hair. A LARGE KNIFE
ENTERS FRAME, and begins SLICING ALONG THE HAIRLINE.
After SLICING is complete, the SCALP easily peels off like a
          on their knees, hands behind there heads.
Private Butz NARRATES the scene in GERMAN SUBTITLED into
          Werner and I were the only ones left
alive after the ambush. While one man
guarded us, the rest removed the hair.
All The Basterds wore German scalps
          Rings, Weapons, Iron Cross, and somebody digging out a Gold
Tooth with a knife, being removed from Dead Germans.
          taken from the inside pocket of a dead German uniform.
          flips through the I.D. papers till he gets to the page that
contains the German soldiers, name, statistics, and photo.
          .and tore out the identification page.
Utivich RIPS the page out, and sticks it in his pocket.
Tossing the torn book on the dead, scalpless body.
          tossing the boots off a hill.
          Throwing them away from the bodies...
          scalps removed from their heads, pink bare feet...
          The Basterds, took their lives, their
and finally their dignity in death.
True that. The sight of the dead soldiers with bare feet
does rob the tableaux of a certain dignity, that is normally
          Aldo screams to The Basterd who's guarding the two German
Sgt.Rachtman is a little slow to respond. So Hirschberg
grabs him by the hair, YANKS him to his feet, and KICKS him
in the ass, sending him on his way.
Most of The Bastreds sit in a circle, Indian style, with
As Sgt.Rachtman walks towards this circle of Basterds,
A OFF SCREEN LITERARY NARRATOR  speaks over
it should rule Europe. But this is
the first time he's ever been on the
It's always been his belief, only a
weakling, in mind, body, and spirt
complies with the enemy under threat
As Werner watched men cry like women,
he made a vow to himself.
If his role is to die in this conflict.
When they put him under the earth, his
dignity would be buried with him.
For in the other world, the gods only
respect the ones they test first.
Well Sgt, this is your test.
The captured German Sgt, enters the circle of Basterds,
stands straight before the sitting southern Lieutenant, and
Aldo returns the salute, looking up at him.
          Lt.Aldo Raine, pleased to meet cha.
You know what sit down means Werner?
          Hows your English Werner? Cause if
need be, we gotta a couple fellas
Aldo points at one of The Basterds in the circle,
          Wicki there, a Austrian Jew, got the
got drafted, and came back to give
Then Aldo points to another Basterd. A big scary looking
Basterd, in a German Sgt's uniform, named, SGT.HUGO STIGLITZ
          And another one over there, you
The two German Sgt's look at each other.
          Everybody in the German army's heard
The Basterds laugh, a couple pat Hugo on the back.
The NARRATOR comes back on the SOUNDTRACK.
WE SEE A PHOTO OF HUGO on the front page of the Nazi version
          As a German enlisted man, he killed
          Instead of putting him up against a
wall, the High Command decided to
send him back to Berlin, to be made
Hugo in chains, being put in a lone troop truck, part of a
          Needless to say, once The Basterds
heard about him, he never got there.
          The Basterds AMBUSH the prison convoy, killing everybody.
They walk to the back of the troop truck, inside Hugo in
          I'm Lt.Aldo Raine, and these are
The Basterds. Ever heard of us?
          We just wanna say, we're a big fan
of your work. When it comes to killin
Nazi's, I think you show great talent,
and I pride myself on havin a eye for
that kind of talent. But your status
as a Nazi killer, is still amateur.
We all came here to see, if you wanna go pro?
          Now Werner, I'm gonna assume you know
          Well Werner, if you heard of us, you
probably heard, we ain't in the
prisoner takin business. We in the
          Now that leaves two ways we can play
this out. Either kill ya, or let ya
go. Now weather or not you gonna
Aldo takes out a map of the area, and lays it out in front
          Up the road a piece, there's a
orchard. 'sides you, we know there's
here somewhere. Now if that patrol
were to have any crackshots, that
orchard, would be a goddamn snipers
delight. Now if you ever wanna eat
gotta show me on this map, where
they are, you gotta tell me how many
they are, and you gotta tell me,
          You can't expect me to divulge
          well, Werner that's where your wrong.
Because that's exactly what I expect.
I need to know about Germans hidin
in trees? And you need to tell me?
And you need to tell me, right now?
Now take your finger, and point out
on this map, where this partys bein
held, how manys comin, and what they
Werner site, head held high, back straight, chin up, every
inch the German hero facing death.
Aldo jerks his thumb behind him.
          You see that ole boy battin rocks?
WE RACK FOCUS to a one of The Basterds not in the circle.
He's wearing a wife beater, and power hitting stones
Werners eyes go to the ballplayer.
might know him better by his nickname,
The Bear Jew. Now if you heard of
Aldo the Apache, you gotta heard about
          He beats German soldiers with a club.
          He bashes their brains in with a
          back to us, still haven't seen his face. He Babe Ruths a
          Now Werner, I'm gonna ask you one
Bear Jew over here, and he's gonna take
that big bat of his, and he's gonna
beat your ass to death with it.
finger, and point out on this map
          Fuck you and your jew dogs.
Instead of getting mad, The Basterds burst out LAUGHING.
Aldo says to Werner, with a giggle in his voice;
ya said that. Frankly, watchin Donny
beat Nazi's,to death, is the closest
we ever get to goin to the movies.
          he turns to CAMERA, and yells;
          Got a German here wants to die for
          Donny, cutting heads, in his pop's barber shop, in Bostin.
          .ya got the goddamn fuckin Germans,
declaring open season on Jews in
Europe, and I'm suppose to fly to the
fuckin Philippines, and fight a bunch
of fuckin Japs - not me pal.
If we just go in this against the Japs,
the whole U.S.of fuckin A can go take a
          You know they got a word for what your
          Hey, stick your treason up your poop
hole. If I'm gonna kill my fellow man
in the name of liberty, that fellow
          MR.GOOROWITZ'S sporting goods shop in Donny's Jewish Bostin
          Your mother, your father - everything
          There just fine. I'm shippin off next
The store proprietor, extends his hand to the young man.
          Good for you son. Kill one of those
Nazi basterds for me, will ya?
          What can I do you for, Donny?
The store owner leads him to a basket with eight bats init.
Donny starts going through them without saying anything.
          You gettin your little brother a
Donny, concentrating on the bats, not looking up;
Donny's "no", silences the gabby Goorowitz. He seems to
settle on one, feeling it's weight in his hands.
          Can I try this one on for size, outside?
          I'll get that, you go right ahead.
The proprietor answers the phone, and gets into a
conversation with his OFF SCREEN Mother.
Donny walks outside, WE STAY IN STORE, but can see him
clearly through the stores big picture window.
However, Mr.Goorowitz instinctively, turns his back to Donny
Donny starts swinging the bat. It's pretty obvious he's
pantomiming beating somebody to death with it. Then the
          Take that ya Nazi basterd! You like fuckin
with the Jews? Wanna Fuck with the Jews?
The American jews are gonna FUCK with
Mr.Goorowitz, see's none of this, as he speaks to his
mother. He hangs up the phone, just as Donny walks back into
the store. Store owner turns to store customer.
          Is this the heaviest ya got?
          Donny, dressed nice, in a apartment building in his Jewish
Bastin neighbourhood. He knocks on a door.
A VERY OLD JEWISH WOMAN opens the door, only a little,
peering out at the young man.
my father Sy Donowitz, owns the barber
shop on Greeny Ave, "Sy's Barber Shop".
          I've seen it. Do you live in the
          May I have a word with you?
She thinks for a beat, then holds the door open for the
          Come in. Would you like some tea?
          Donny sits on a overstuffed sofa, holding a tea cup and
saucer in his hand. Mrs.Himmelstein sits on a overstuffed
chair, holding her tea, looking across at her visitor.
Donny chuckles at her little joke. The old woman remains
stone. She wasn't joking. He places his saucer on the coffee
          Mrs.Himmelstein, do you have any love
ones over in Europe who your concerned
          What compels you young man, to ask a
          Because I'm going to Europe. And I'm
          And just how do intend to do that, Joshua?
          And what exactly do you intend to do
          I'm gonna beat every Nazi I find to
          I thought we were having tea together?
          And in this pursuit, how is it that I
If you have any love ones in Europe,
who's safety you fear for, I'd like
you to write their name on my bat.
          Donny takes a long walk to Werner...
As WE CUT BACK and FORTH BETWEEN DONNY WALKING and WERNER
WAITING, WE ALSO CUT BACK and FORTE BETWEEN DONNY and
          You must be a real BASTERD, Donny?
          You bet your sweet ass I am.
          Good. A Basterds work is never done.
Donny steps up to the plate, looking down at the Nazi;
Werner hands Donny up his papers.
Donny RIPS the identity page out, and sticks it in his
          Hand me your sword Gideon. I do believe
I will join you on this journey.
          Donny BEATS Werner TO DEATH WITH THE BAT, to the cheers of
          About now, I'd be shittin my pants, if
Aldo points a finger at Butzsr and crooks it toward him.
A crying, visibly shaken, Butz site down in front of Aldo.
          Point out on this map, the German
His arm shoots out like a rocket, and points out the
          They have a machine gunn dug in here
          How did you survived this ordel?
WE SEE Pvt.Butz in The Fuhrer's room for the first time.
He wears a Nazi cap, which is unusual in the presence of The
Fuhrer, but he seems okay with it.
          Now when you report what happened here,
you can't tell 'em, you told us, what you
told us. They'll shoot ya. But there gonna
wanna know, why you so special, we let you
live? So tell 'em, we let ya live, so you
could spread the word through the ranks,
what's gonna happen to every Nazi we find.
          You are not to tell anybody anything!
Not one word of detail! Your outfit
was ambushed, and you got a away.
          Did they mark you like they did the
          Remove your hat and show me.
          Now say we let ya go, and say you
survive the'war? When you get back
          I will hug my mother like I've never
          Well, ain't that's a real nice boy. Are you
going to take off your uniform?
          Not only shall I remove it, but I intend
The young German is telling Aldo, what he thinks, Aldo wants
to hear. But the last answer didn't go down as well as he
thought it would, evident by the frown on Aldo's face.
          Yeah, that's what we thought. We don't
like that. You see, we like our Nazi's
in uniforms. That way, you can spot 'em,
But you take off that uniform, ain't
nobody gonna know you was a Nazi.
And that don't sit well with us.
Aldo removes a LARGE KNIFE from a sheath on his belt.
          So I'm gonna give ya a little somethin,
          Pvt.Butz removes his combat helmet, hair hangs in his face,
his moves it aside, and WE SEE a SWASTIKA has been HAND
          on ground, looking up at them. Aldo has just carved the
swastika, and he's holding the bloody knife. All The
Basterds crowd around to admire his handy work.
          You know Lieutenant, your getting pretty
          You know how you get to Carnegie Hall,
          NOTE: This whole Chapter will be filmed in French New Wave
          We're in the auditorium of a cinema in Paris. However the
CAMERA is pointed in the direction of the audience, not the
screen. We start CLOSE on the projector beam, emanating from
the little glass window in the back of the theatre
The CAMERA continues to DOLLY back, making the Shot Wider and
Wider, bringing in more and more the German occupied citizens
of Paris, who stare at the OFF SCREEN silver screen in the dark
We can hear the OFF SCREEN SOUNDTRACK of a Goebbels produced
German omm paw paw musical movie being projected.
The Shot continues to pull further and further back, and the
German dialogue continues to fill the auditorium...
          .The DOLLY SHOT LANDS on a CLOSE UP of Shosanna,. watching the
          We hear the sound of the German musicals climax.
The lights go up in the auditorium.
Shosanna, dressed in a NURSES UNIFORM she swiped from
somewhere, remains seated, as the rest of the PATRONS, gather
          Patrons exit under the cinema marquee, as someone from inside
"GERMAN NIGHT BRIDGET VON HAMMERSMARK in MADCAP IN MEXICO".
          A French Black Man, who we will learn later is named MARCEL,
is the cinema's projectionist. We see him for a moment, taking
the film reels off the projector, and placing them on rewinds.
          still sitting in her seat. Except for her, the auditorium is
The owner of the Cinema, a attractive looking French woman,
who we will later know as MADAME MIMIEUX, appears in
one of the cinema's opera box balconies.
Looking down from her perch at the young girl, sitting in
The DIALOGUE will be spoken in FRENCH, and SUBTITLED into
          So young woman, since it's beyond obvious
we're closed for the evening. I must assume
you want something. What can I do for you?
          So I gather your not a nurse?
          But your a bright little thing, that's
clever disguise. Where is your family?
          We were from Nancy. The Bosch found us
          Sad stories bore me. These days everyone
in Paris has one. I haven't bore you
with mine, don't bore me with yours.
Using her hands to pantomime the rotating film reels on a
          The machines that show the film?
          The projectors? Yes, I own a cinema,
of course I can operate them.
          eyes creeping up the stairway in the projection booth,
          Teach me. Teach me to run the machines,
that show the film. It's only you and
the negro. I know you could use some help.
          I know at least six people who've been
put up against a wall, and machine
gunned for sheltering enemies of the
state. I have no intention of being
unlucky number seven. How long have
          A week, and a few days.
          How have you survived the curfew
          Again, I'm forced to admit, clever
          So you can't operate a mm film projector,
you want me teach you, in order to work
here, in order to use my cinema, as a hole
to hide in, is that correct?
          I'm Madame Mimieux. You may call
me Madame. This is a cinema. Not a
Having said that, what you say is true.
If you were truly exceptional, I could
find use for you. So Shosanna, are you
          I will be the judge of that.
          Which shows a lovely PENCIL SKETCH of the CITY OF PARIS,
          The CAMERA PULLS BACK, and we see we're not looking at a TITLE
CARD at all, but a CALENDER stuck on the wall of the Little
Cinema's Projection Booth. Before we leave it, WE SEE the
..The CAMERA finds, the THREE YEARS OLDER SHOSANNA, working
as the PROJECTIONIST. It would appear, that Shosanna passed
A lyrical Morriconie-like tune PLAYS on the SOUNDTRACK, this
A Little Bell, begins RINGING, on one of the projectors,
alerting Shosanna it's time for a REEL CHANGE.
Shosanna stands at the projector, watching the old German film
she's projecting, waiting for thest REEL CHANGE MARK...
          of the little cinema. On Screen LENI REFENSHTAL lies
horizontal as a ice sickle drips on her head in the old
German film, "The White Hell Of Piza Palu",
The st REEL CHANGE MARK POPS ON in the upper right
hand corner of the FRAME...(That tells the projectionist
          As the FILM REEL on the lst PROJECTOR rolls out, Shosanna
stands ready, waiting by the nd PROJECTOR...
          the nd REEL CHANGE MARK POPS ON in the same place(That's the
          THROWS the lever on the nd PROJECTOR, switching the film from
As Shosanna's Theme plays on the Soundtrack, we watch viva
MONTAGE, her go through her daily chores. Carry heavy film cans
up the stairs, empty the rat traps, ect,ect...
"GERMAN NIGHT LENI REFENSHTAL in PABST WHITE HELL OF PIZA PALU"
Shosanna emerges from the cinema carrying two buckets of
LETTERS , and a tall ladder. Her chore here,
obviously, is to change the show on the marquee.
The LITERARY NARRATOR comes on the Soundtrack in ENGLISH;
          To operate a cinema in Paris during
the occupation, one had two choices.
Ether you could show new German propaganda
eye of Joseph Goebbels. Or... .you
could have a German night in your
Shosanna, by herself, perched up high on the ladder, changing
out of the cinema. He sees the ladder with the young French
girl on top, and walks over.
They speak FRENCH, SUBTITLED into ENGLISH;
Shosanna looks down, seeing the young German Solder smiling up
          Ummmm, I always preferred Linder to
Chaplin. Except Linder never made a
film as good as "The Rid". The chase
Shosanna continues working, not adding to the conversation.
          I suppose now you could use a "M"
          Don't be ridiculous, it's my pleasure.
He hands the French damsel the letters spelling MAX.
          I adore your cinema very much.
She busies herself with the marquee letters...
          How does a young girl, such as yourself,
Do to his uniform, and Shosanna's situation, all his efforts
at trying to make small talk, strikes the young Jewess in
          My aunt left it to me.
          Merci for hoisting a German night.
          I don't have a choice, but your welcome.
          Do you chose the German films yourself?
          Then my merci stands. I love the
"Pizu Palu". It's nice to see a French
girl who's a admirer of Refensthal.
          "Admire", would not be the adjective
I would use to describe my feelings
          But you do admire the director. Pabst,
don't you? That's why you included
She climbs down from the ladder and faces the German
She turns to go back inside.
She opens the door to go inside.
          You wish to see my papers?
She hands him her excellently forged papers.
That's obviously not what he meant, but he takes them anyway
          Merci. Are you finished with my papers?
          Mademoiselle. My name is Fredrick Zoller.
          It's been a pleasure chatting with a
He gives her a little salute, and walks into the black of a
She looks after him. She didn't show it, but he kinda got to
her. After all, for any true cinema lover, it's hard to hate
          Shosanna stands on the roof of her cinema, late at night,
lighting up a cigarette. As she takes her first big drag,
          MADAME MIMIEUX, the younger Shosanna, and the black
projectionist Marcel, in the projection booth. Shosanna
lights up a cigarette, and Madame Mimieux SLAPS her face
HARD, knocking the cigarette out of her mouth. Marcel
quickly STAMPS it out on the floor.
          if I ever see you light up a cigarette
in my cinema again, I'll turn you into
Shosanna is shocked by this statement.
          And for bringing a open flame in my
cinema, you deserve far worse then
a Nazi jewish boxcar. With your thick
head, what do you think the highest
priority of a cinema manager is?
Keeping this fucking place from burning
down to the ground, that's what!
In my collection, I have over ,
mm, nitrate film prints, which are
catch fire, they burn three times
faster then paper. If that happens..
every body burned alive. If I ever
see you with a open flame in my cinema
again, I won't turn you into the Nazi's
I'll kill you myself. And the fucking
Germans will give me a curfew pass.
          Even on the roof I can't smoke a
voice yelling at me. That's why I
do it. To hear Madames voice again.
          I know. I'm fine, darling. I'll be
Marcel goes back inside, Shosanna smokes.
          Shosanna sits in the back of a French bistro, reading a
book, "The Saint in New York" by Leslie Charteris, drinking
wine. When the young German Private from the other day,
FREDRICK ZOLLER, walks in. He gets a beer, then notices the
French girl sitting in the back. He smiles, and heads over
to her. "Oh no, not this guy again", she thinks.
Again they speak in FRENCH SUBTITLED into ENGLISH;
          Your welcome. - regardless, I want
trying to be a pest. I was simply
          I don't wish to be your friend.
          Don't act like a infant. You know why.
          I'm more then just a uniform.
          Not to me. If you are so desperate for
a French girlfriend, I suggest you try
Just then TWO OTHER GERMAN SOLDIERS come over, obviously
very impressed with Fredrick. They make a fuss over him in
UNSUBTITLED GERMAN, which nether Shosanna, or the non German
speaking members of the movies audience, can understand.
He signs autographs for them, shakes their hands, and they
          I thought I was just a uniform?
          Your not just a German soldier, are
          Most German soldiers are somebodies son.
          Yeah, but your not just somebody. What
He leans in across the table, she leans in too, and he says;
          No not really, I'm just teasing you.
          Then what is it? What are you, a German
          , what does that mean, "not exactly".
I asked if you were a movie star, the
answer to that question, is yes or no.
          When you said that just now, you
This catches young Shosanna off guard.
          I come from a home of six sisters.
We run a family operated cinema in Munich.
Seeing you run around your cinema,
reminds me of them. Especially my sister
Helga. She raised me, when our father
wasn't up to the job. I admire her very
much. You'd like her, she doesn't wear a
          All my sisters, I'm the baby, but Helga
          My mother died. And my father was a
loser. My fathers moto; "If at first
you don't succeed, quit". The day he
left, good riddance. My sisters are
all I need. It's why I like your cinema.
It makes me feel both closer to them,
and a little homesick at the same time.
          How has it done durring the war?
          No doubt, you don't have to operate
          How often do you fill your house?
          , not since before the war.
          So if you had one big engagement, that
          Of course, but that's not likely to
TWO MORE GERMAN SOLDIERS and their TWO FRENCH DATES approach
the table. They ask for Fredricks autograph, he signs it for
them. One of the French Girls says in FRENCH, how exciting
it is to meet a real live German war hero. Shosanna hears
it. They leave. So that's it, she thinks.
          So your a war hero? Why didn't you tell me?
          Everybody knows that, I liked you didn't.
He takes a sip of beer.
          I've shot the most enemy soldiers
You bet your sweet ass that got her attention.
          I was alone in a bell tower in a
walled off city in Russia. It was
myself, and a thousand rounds of ammo,
in a bird's nest, against three
          A bird's nest is what a sniper would call
a bell tower. It's a high structure,
offering a three hundred and sixty degree
          How many Russian's did you kill?
          The first day. A hundred and fifty the
second day. Thirty-two, the third day.
On the forth day, they exited the city.
Naturally my war story received alot of
attention in Germany, that's why they
all recognize me. They call me the
          Maybe they'll make a film about
          Well, that's just what Joseph Goebbels
thought. So he did. It's called "Nation's
Pride", and guess what, they wanted me to
play myself, so I did. They have posters
for it in kiosks all over Paris. That's
another reason for all the attention.
          "Nation's Pride" is about you? "Nation's
          Not so comical. So what are you doing
having my picture taken with different
that sort of thing. Goebbels wants the
film to premier in Paris, so I've been
Joseph is very keen on this film.
He's telling anybody who will listen,
I'll be the German Van Johnson.
Shosanna, wasn't falling for the young German, by any stretch.
However his exploits, as well as his charming manner, can't
help but impress. But his referring to Goebbels as "Joseph",
like their friends, is all she needed to get on the right side
of things. This young man is trouble with a capital "T", and
she needs to stay far fucking away from him.
          Well, good luck with your premier
Private. I hope all goes well for
And with that, she disappears. Leaving the perplexed private
Shosanna and Marcel are changing the letters on the marquee.
Marcel excuses himself to visit the toilet.
$hosanna is alone outside the little cinema, perched up on her
          .A BLACK NAZI SEDAN pulls up in front of the little cinema.
A GERMAN MAJOR in a black Gestapo uniform steps out of the back
The DRIVER, a German Private, steps out as well.
Yelling to the young girl up high on the ladder;
Both GERMAN and FRENCH will be SUBTITLED into ENGLISH.
Telling his Driver in German to ask her in French;
          Ask her if this is her cinema?
in French The Driver asks Shosanna;
The Driver opens the back door of the sedan, indicating for her
          I don't understand, what have I done?
She wants to know what she's done?
Then in her best imitation of Madame Mimeux's arrogantmanner.
          Then I demand to know what this is about,
and where do you propose to take me?
The Driver begins to translate, when the Gestapo Major holds up his
hand, telling him not to bother. The Major looks at the young
French girl and tells her in German;
          Get your ass in that car.
No translation necessary. She climbs into the back of the car,
followed by the Germans. The sedan takes off.
          The Nazi sedan drives through the early afternoon Paris
          the whole ride, never showing her Nazi oppressor sitting beside
her. We just hold on her face trying not to revel anything.
The car door opens and the Driver offers Shosanna his hand.
          She steps out of the car, and is lead into a Paris cafe by the
Gestapo Officer. It takes the young Jewess a moment or two before
she realizes she's not being led to a Gestapo interrogation
room, a railroad car, or a concentration camp, but to lunch.
The best table at Maxims. Three people, and two dogs, sit at it.
Germany's Minister of Propaganda, and the number two man in
Hitlers Third Reich, JOSEPH GOEBBELS, his female French translator
, FRANCESCA MONDINO, and young Private Zoller,
are the people. TWO BLACK FRENCH POODLES, belonging to
Mademoiselle Mondino, sit together in another chair at the
They all speak GERMAN, SUBTITLED into ENGLISH;
          - it's only the off spring of slaves that
allows America to be competitive athletically.
America olympic gold can measured in Negro
Shosanna is lead through the French eatery by the Gestapo Major.
Private Zoller see's her, and stands up, excuse's himself,
and greets her before she reaches the table.
Fredrick says in French, SUBTITLED in ENGLISH;
          Good you came. I wasn't sure weather or
          Is that the young lady in question,
Private Zoller turns in his direction, takes Shosanna by the
arm, and leads her to him.
          Yes it is, beer Goebbels. Emmanuelle,
there is somebody I want you to meet.
Joseph Goebbels, remaining seated, looks up at the young French
girl, scrutinizing her as he spoons creme brule into his mouth.
The excited Fredrick introduces Shosanna to the propaganda
introduce you to the minister of
propaganda, the leader of the entire
German film industry, and now I'm a
Goebbels offers up his long spider-like fingers for Shosanna to
He looks to Francesca to translate, but she's just taken a big
          And normally, this is beer Goebbels French
          Francesca Mondino is much more then
actress to appear in his films...
          from one of Francesca's B/W Goebbels produced productions.
Francesca, dressed as a French peasant girl, with a YOUNG
          She speaks in FRENCH, SUBTITLED in to ENGLISH;
          I love you, I can't help it. My country
or my heart, which do I betray?
A SUBTITLE APPEARS below naming the films title;
          Francesca and Goebbels having sex in her boudoir, on her red
WE SEE JUST A SUPER QUICK SHOT OF Goebbels FUCKING Francesca
          Do it! Do it! Fuck me - fill me!
The Gestapo officer steps up and says, to Fredrick in German;
Major Deiter Helistrom of the Gestapo, at
Please allow me, have a seat.
The Gestapo Officer pulls out a chair, for the young lady to sit
down. Shosanna takes the hot seat. Seated to her right is
Private Zoller. To her left are the two curly pampered
poodles. Major Helistrom pours Shosanna a glass of red wine
from a small craft on the table.
          Try the wine mademoiselle, it's quite good.
Goebbels looks across the table at her.
          well I must say, you've made quite a
Francesca interprets Goebbels German for Shosanna.
          I must say fraulein, I should be rather
          I arrive in France, and I wish to have
          Little do I know Be's become
the toast of paris, and now he
          People wait in line hours, day's,
to see me. For the Fuhrer and
          So finally, I'm granted a audience
with the young Private, and he spends
the entire lunch speaking of you
          So Fraulein Mimieux, let's get down
          - Heer Goebbels, I haven't informed
          Unless the girls a simpleton, I'm
sure she's figured it out by now,
after all she does operate a cinema.
          What they're trying to tell you
spent the last hour at lunch,
to abandon previous plans for Private
Zollers film premier, and change the
          The Private wanted to inform the
          Nonsense. Until I ask a few
questions, he has nothing to inform.
Let the record state, I have not
          More would be better. How many
          But beer Goebbels, that's not such
a terrible thing. You said yourself
you didn't want to indulge every
up space currying favor. With less
seat's it makes the event more
exclusive. Your not trying to fill
the house, their fightin g for seats.
          Besides, to hell with the French.
This is a German night, a German
night is for you, me, the German
family and friends. The only people
who should be allowed in the room,
are people who will be moved by
Goebbels listens silently, then after a bit of a pause;
          I see your public speaking has
          Well Private, though it is true,
I'm inclined to indulge you anything.
I must watch a film in this young
ladies cinema before I can say,
So young lady, you are to close
          What German films do you have?
          My cinema , on German night, tends
          I draw a older German audience in
That era of German cinema is dead.
The German cinema I create, will not
only be thee cinema of Europe. But
the worlds only alternative to the
          Along with being a cinema owner,
          Why don't you screen "Lucky Kids"?
I'm sure Emmanuelle hasn't seen. it.
And it's so funny, I've been meaning
to recommend it to her, for her
German night. That's a great idea,
"Lucky Kids". When all is said and
years from now, It's "Lucky Kids"
that I'm the most remembered for.
I know it doesn't seem like it now,
Very well, I'll have a print sent
          As Francesca interprets this for Shosanna...
...the empty chair next to the young Jewish girl is suddenly
filled with the bottom half of a grey S.S. officer uniform.
          Ah Landa, your here, this is the
The S.S. Officer sits down, and it's our old friend from the
the SS., he'll be running security
          A bomb is dropped and detonated behind her eyes. But if she
gives any indication of this, her war story ends here.
that murdered her family, takes her hand and kisses it,
          Better known as "The Jew Hunter".
          Oh Francesca, what was that funny
thing the Fuhrer said about Hans?
          You know, you were there, it was a
She repeats it by whispering it in Goebbels ear.
          Oh, yes of course, that's it. So
the Fuhrer said, he wouldn't be
out Jews like a truffle pig from
          That's what we need, pigs that can
          Who needs pigs when you have me?
Big hearty laugh around the table.
          Do you have a engagement tonight?
          Well, as a matter of fact, I do -
          - Break it. We're all going to the
Then Reich Ministers companion mademoiselle Mondino,
          And now I must get Reich Minister Goebbels
Everybody begins to stand up from the table...
.as Col Landa stands, he says;
          Actually, in my role as security
chief of this joyous German occasion,
I'm afraid I must have a word with
          Mademoiselle Mimieux eyes go to Private Zoller, who responds.
Private questioning the order of a
Colonel? Or am I just being sensitive?
          Nothing could be further from the
          Hans, the boy means no harm, he's
Laughter all around. The Reich Minister and his axis entourage,
make their way to front of the cafe, with the two dumb dogs on
          No need for concern, you two.
As security chief, I simply need
to have a chat with the possible
          I was just hoping to escort
          Nonsense! You can eat ice cream,
and walk along the Sienne another
time. Right now, allow Col Landa
Col Landa offers the young jew in hiding a seat at a small
table in the outside patio area of Maxims.
The fluency and poetic proficiency of the S.S. jew hunters
french, revels to the audience, that his feigning clumsiness at
french with Monsieur Lapadite in the films first scene, was
They speak FRENCH SUBTITLED into ENGLISH;
          Have you tried the strudel here?
          It's not so terrible. So how is it
the young Private and yourself came
She's about to answer, when a WAITER approaches.
          Yes, two strudels, one for myself,
and one for the mademoiselle. A cup
of espresso, with a container of.
For the Mademoiselle, a glass of milk.
Considering Shosanna. grew up on a dairy farm, and the last time
she was on a dairy farm, her strudel companion murdered her
entire family, his ordering her milk is, to say the
The key to Col Landa's power, and or charm, depending on the
side ones on, lies in his ability to convince you he's privy to
          Up untill a couple of days ago,
I had no knowledge of Private Zoller,
or his exploits. To me, the Private
was simply just a patron of my cinema.
We spoke a few times, but -
          - Mademoiselle, let me interrupt you.
This is a simple formality, no
reason for you to feel anxious.
The Colonel takes one look at it, and says to the Waiter;
          I apologize, I forgot to order the
          So Emmanuelle - May I call you
          So Emmanuelle, explain to me how
does it happen, that a young lady
such as your self, comes to own a
The Waiter returns, applying cream fresh to the two strudels.
The S.S. Colonel looks across the table at his companion, picking
Shosanna takes a whip creamy bite of strudel, Landa follows her
Shosanna, mouth full of pie, indicates she approves.
          Like I said, not so terrible.
          So you were explaining the origin of
Col Landa removes alittle black book from his pocket.
He records the names in his little book.
          My uncle was killed during blitzkrieg.
          Aunt Ada passed away from fever
          It's come to my attention you have
a negro in your employ, is that true?
          Yes, he's a Frenchman. His name is
Marcel. He worked with my aunt and
uncle since they opened the cinema.
He's the only other one who works
          Actually one could see where that
might be a good trade for them.
          Knowing the Reich Minister as I do,
I'm quite positive he wouldn't want
the success or failure of his
the prowess of a negro. So if it
comes to pass we hold this event
at your venue, talented no doubt,
as your negro may be, you will
As if she has any say.
Col Landa takes another bite of strudel, Shosanna follows suit.
          So it would appear our young hero is
romantic. I remind him of his sister.
          I remind him of his sister who
          It's sounding more and more romantic
Landa takes out a handsome looking cigarette case, with a S.S.
LOGO on it. Removing on of the fags, he lights it up with a
fancy S.S. gold lighter. He offers one to Shosanna.
          Then I insist, you must take one.
I hope your not nationalist about
your tobacco, to me French cigarettes
She takes one, but makes no move to light it.
          I did have some thing else I wanted
to ask you, but right now, for the
life of me, I can't remember what it
is. Oh well, must not of been important.
Col Landa stands up, throws some French francs on the table,
puts on his grey S.S. cap, touches his finger to his visor,
Shosanna breaths a sigh of relief.
The CAMERA begins to slowly lower from a MEDIUM CU to her feet
ankles and floor. We see her shoes are in a puddle of urine.
During her conversation and strudel with the man that
exterminated her entire family, shosanna pissed herself.
She drops the German cigarette in to the piss puddle by her
on screen is the German screwball comedy "LUCKY KIDS".
We hear OFF SCREEN laughter at the on screen aryan antics.
          Watching the screen, basking in his own toxic genius.
          Laughing at the comedy, hand covering her mouth.
The LITERARY NARRATOR comes on the soundtrack.
to be amused by the aryan antics of
Kids", a thought suddenly comes to
We see her face get slightly distracted behind the eyes.
cinema burned down? The Third Reich
it's top jew hunter, all in one fell
She chuckles at the thought, though it looks like she's
          "The END" card for "Lucky Kids" is projected.
The Nazi rouges gallery, and Shosanna, applaud the film.
          Goebbels excepts congratulations, as they stand and begin to
          The screening of "Lucky Kids" was a
conceded to have the venue changed
to Shosannas cinema. Not only that,
in a moment of inspiration, Heer
Goebbels speaks GERMAN, and Francesca translates;
          I must say, I appreciate the modesty
has real respect, almost church like.
Not to say we couldn't spruce the
place up a bit. In Versailles
in the banquet hall that is
extraordinary. we're going to get it,
and hang it from the very middle of
auditorium roof. Also I want to go to
Louvre, pick up a few Greek nudes,
and just scatter them about the lobby.
          we see a quick series of shots that show all that happening.
The chandelier being removed from the ceiling of Versailles.
Greek nude statues being hand trucked out of the Louvre.
A truck driving through the french countryside with the
enormous crystal chandelier in the back.
The lobby of Shosanna's cinema, pimped out in Nazi iconography.
WORKERS buzz around decorating. The Greek statues are moved
We see Workers trying with incredible difficulty, to hoist the
huge, heavy, and twinkingly fragile chandelier, in Shosannas
auditorium, which now resembles something out of one of Tinto
Brass's Italian B-movie rip off's of Visconti's "The Damned".
          watches all this from a opera box, she shakes her head in
          in the lobby, post screening of "Lucky Rids", she's soundlessly
escorting them to the door, as they make their goodbyes.
          As they left the little French
cinema that night, all the Germans
We see Private Zoller hanging back, so he.can say goodbye.
          None more so then Private Zoller.
She closes the door on him. Watching the Nazi's walk into the
Paris night. Their shadows, for a moment onAwall, look
Marcel sits at the top of the staircase of the lobby, looking
They speak in FRENCH SUBTITLED into ENGLISH;
          What the fuck are we suppose to do?
          It looks like we're suppose to have
          Like I said, what the fuck are we
          Well, I need to speak with you
She slowly walks up the stairs to Marcel. She makes him part
his legs, and sits on the lower step, between his legs. Her
back up against his chest, his arms around her shoulders.
Shosanna has only known this type of intimacy with Marcel.
          Well, when I was watching the bosch
          I'm confused, what are we talking
          Filling the cinema with Nazi's and
their whores, and burning it down
          I'm not talking about that, your
right now. If we can keep this
ourselves, we can burn it down
          No, Marcel, just for sake of argument,
if we wanted to burn down the cinema,
for any number of reasons, you and I
          Oui Shosanna, we could do that.
          You mean we wouldn't need any more
          Oui, that's exactly what I mean.
          I am going to burn down the cinema
One of his fingers probes her mouth.
          And if I'm going to burn down the
cinema, which I am, we both know,
your not going to let me do it
The back of her head presses up hard against him, as his hand
both caresses, and grips her lovely neck.
          Because you love me. And I love you.
And your the only person on this earth
She then TWISTS around, so she's straddling him. They are now,
          But that's not all we're going to do.
Does the filmmaking equipment it the
attic still work? I know the film
camera does. How about the sound
          Quite well, actually. I recorded a
new guitarist I met in a cafe last
week. It works superb. Why do we
going to make a film. Just for the
          A young MILITARY ATTACHE, opens the sliding double doors
that serve as a entrance to the room.
A snappy handsome British Lieutenant in dress browns, steps inside
the room. This officer, who has been mixing it up with
the Gerrys since the late thirties, is named LT.ARCHIE HICOX.
A young George Sanders type(The Saint and Private affairs of
Upon entering the room, Lt.Hicox is gobsmacked.
Standing before him is legendary military mastermind,
GENERAL ED FENECH, a older George Sanders type (Village of the
But in the back of the room, sitting behind a piano,
smoking his ever present cigar, is the unmistakable
General Ed Fenech, at ease Hicox.
Hicox's eye's go to the formidable bulldog behind the piano,
who's scrutinizing him behind his cigar. However the man behind
the cigar makes no gesture, and the General, makes no
acknowledgment of the three hundred pound gorilla in the room.
Which Lt.Hicox knows enough to mean, if Churchell isn't
          if you offered me a scotch and plane
water, I could drink a scotch and
          That a boy, Lieutenant. Make it
will you? Bars in the globe.
Hicox heads over to the bar globe.
          Whiskey straight. No junk in it.
The Lieutenant moves over to the Columbus-style globe bar, and
busies himself mixing spirits, playing bartender chappy.
          It says here you've run three
Back to them, mixing drinks, he says;
          It says here you speak German fluently?
          And your occupation before the war?
His back still to us, as he bartends...
          Well sir, such as they are, I write
reviews and articles, for a publication
As well as our sister publication.
          The first book was called; "Art Of The
Eye's, The Heart, and The Mind:A Study
of German Cinema in the Twenties".
And the second one was called; ...
He turns around with his whiskey and plain water, and the
Generals whiskey no junk. He finishes what he was saying, as
he walks toward the General, handing him his drink.
study of the work of German director
          What should we drink to, sir?
          Are you familiar with German cinema
          Yes. Obviously I haven't seen any of
the films made in the last three
years, but I am familiar with it.
requires a knowledge of the German
film industry under the Third Reich.
Explain to me UFA, under Goebbels?
making to be the beginning of a new
era in German cinema. A alternative
to what he considers the Jewish
SUDDENLY... Bellowing from the back of the room;
          You say he wants to take on the Jews
at their own game? Compared to say
has taken over, film attendance has
steadily risen in Germany over the
last eight years. But Louis B.Mayer
number. I believe Goebbels see's himself
Gen.Fenech looks to the Prime Minister.
With a puff of cigar smoke, Churchell says;
          Lt.Bicox, at this point in time I'd
like to brief you on, Operation Kino.
Three days from now, Joseph Goebbels is
throwing a gala premier of one of his
The General has to resort to peeking at his file.
          Oh, you mean the film about Private
          We don't have any intelligence, on
exactly, what the film that night
          I can tell you what it's about,
Fenech can't help suppress a smile, they have the right man.
          In attendance at this joyous Germatic
Boorman, and most of the German High
officers of both The S.S., and, The
Gestapo. As well as luminaries of the
          The master race at play, aye?
          Basically, we have all our rotten
eggs in one basket. The objective of
Operation Kino.... Blow up the basket.
"...and like the snows of yesteryear,
gone from this earth". Jolly good, sir.
that lives deep behind enemy lines,
will be your assist. The Germans call
          "The Basterds", never heard of them.
          Whole point of the secret service,
old boy, you not hearing of them.
But the Gerrys have heard of them,
because these yanks have been them
the devil. Their leader is a chap
          Why do they call him that?
          Best guess, is because he removes the
He runs his finger along his hairline.
          No doubt the whole lot, a bunch a
General Fenech continues on with his exposition, moving over
          You'll be dropped into France, about
twenty four kilometers outside of Paris.
The Basterds will be waiting for you.
First thing, you go to a little village
Apparently the Gerrys never go there.
In Nadine, there's a tavern, called,
with our double agent, and she'll take
it from there. She's the one who's
going to get you in the premiere.
It will be you, her, and two German
born members of the Basterds. She's
also made all the other arrangements
          I suspect that won't be too much
trouble for you. Your contact is
movie star is working for England?
          For the last two years now. one could
even say Operation Kino was her
In the back of the room the bulldog barks;
          You'll go to the premiere as her
have the premiere tickets for the
          I think so, sir. Paris when it sizzles.
           Shosanna and Marcel are on the rooftop of their cinema,
Marcel is behind a old  BOLEX MM MOVIE CAMERA,
Shosanna, the camera subject, stands on boxes looking down
A old timey MICROPHONE is positioned out of frame.
As they always do, and always will, they speak FRENCH
          A action and noise put together,
So we can sync up the picture
She claps her hands in front of her face.
Shosanna takes a deep breath, then;
          Big diffrence this time, it's in COLOR.
          But how do we get it developed?
Only a suicidal idiot like us would
develop that footage. How do we get
          Do you know one person who can do
          Of course Gaspar, very nice man,
took care of all the experimental
right mind would strike a print of
what your talking about. If the
Nazi's found out, their life wouldn't
          In a wolf fight, you ether eat the
wolf, or the wolf eats you. If we're
we have to use their tactics.
          We find somebody who can develop
and process amm print. And we
make them do it, or we kill them.
Once we tell them what we want to
do, if they refuse, we have to kill
them anyway, or they'll turn us in.
          A old mom and pop film processing lab circa the Thirties.
GASPAR, the fatherly figure of all the experimental French
filmmakers in the decade before German rule, takes a SAVAGE
BEATING at the hands of his friend Marcel.
Put his head down on that table.
Marcel, holds his arm behind him, as he forces his head flat
Shosanna brings a HATCHET DOWN DEEP into the table, just by
          You ether do what the fuck we tell
you to, or I'll bury this axe in your
          Then prove it! Or does your manhood
go no deeper, then standing to piss?
Marcel, does his wife, and children
          Then after we kill this dog for
Germans, we'll go and silence them.
She lifts up the hatchet, raises it high...
          hands the couple a SMALL SILVER CAN OF mm FILM. Outside
          WE SEE the five heavy silver film cans of Fredrick Zollers
life story "Nations Pride" on the floor of
The can for REEL is open and empty.
Shosanna's at the editing bench, REEL , is up on the
Shosanna SPLICES her and Marcels footage into REEL  of
Fredricks film. Rewinds it, puts it back in the can, and
puts a piece of RED TAPE on REEL  CAN.
She walks out of the booth, turning off the lights behind
her, PLUNGING THE SCREEN INTO DARKNESS.
          We see a small basement tavern, with a old rustic sign out
          TWO SHOT LT.HICOX and LT.ALDO RAINE
Aldo is dressed like a French civilian. Hicox is dressed in a
German grey S.S. Cap't uniform. They look out of a window, in a
apartment, in the village of Nadine, overlooking the tavern.
          You didn't say the goddamn rendez-vous
          You said it was in a tavern?
          Yeah, in a basement. You know,
fightin in a basement offers a lot
Wilhelm Wicki, joins the SHOT, dressed in a German S.S.
          What if we go in there, and she's
          We wait. Don't worry, she's a British
WE SEE the other Basterds, dressed in French civilian clothes,
are in the room as well, they are, Donowitz, Hirschberg,
and Utivich. And in the back of the room, dressed in the grey
uniform of a S.S. Lieutenant, Hugo Stiglitz sits off by himself,
sharpening his S.S. DAGGER on his leather belt looped around his
boot. Anybody not in the scene from the Basterds opening
Lt.Hicox watches Stiglitz off by himself on the other side of
the room, SHARPENS his dagger menacingly.
He continues bringing the blades edge, up, then, down on the
          I hear your pretty good with that?
Meaning the blade. Stiglitz doesn't answer.
          You know, we're not looking for
the off chance I'm wrong, and things
prove eventful. I need to know, we can
          The renegade Gerry Sergeant, stops his blades progress, and
looks up at the limy Lieutenant.
          I don't look calm to you?
          Well, now you put it like that,
He turns his attention back to his blade.
Hicox moves over to Aldo, and asks him privately;
          Is that the kinds man you need, the
          So y'all git in trouble in there,
what are we suppose to do?
Make bets on how it all comes out?
          If we get into trouble, we can
handle it. But if trouble does
happen, we need you to make damn
sure no Germans, or French, for
If Frau Von Hammersmark's cover is
who's idea was it for the death trap
          Look, she's not a military strategist.
          Ya don't got to be Stonewall
Jackson to know you don't want to
          She wasn't picking a place to fight.
She was picking a place, isolated,
          Lieutenant, I hate to be contrary,
but I got me a Nazi pissin on
They move to the window, and sure enough, ONE LONE NAZI
PRIVATE, relieves himself against the side wall.
Lt.Bicox, this was definitely, not the plan.
          So what do you think your fraulein
The British officer watches the German soldier, who's not
suppose to be there. When Hugo Stiglitz joins him at the
window. Stiglitz looks down at the urinating Nazi, S.S. dagger
          The GERMAN PISSING PRIVATE, sloppily finishes his task.
Craming his noodle back in his pants, he descends the stairs
that lead him back into the basement tavern. We Follow him...
          .Inside the basement tavern, La Louisiane. it has a very low
hanging basement ceiling. A old looking wood bar off to the
right. And the only other space in the little tavern, is taken
up by two large tables, which take up both
half's of the room. And despite rumors to the contrary, one of
the two tables, is completely filled with drunken celebrating
Nazi enlisted men, of which our urinating friend is one of
          ONE GERMAN MASTER SGT, ONE FEMALE GERMAN SGT (a powerfully built
stocky type), and THREE MALE GERMAN PRIVATES.
The Five Nazi's are sitting around the table, drinking, and
playing a very fun game with none other then the fraulein of
the hour, UFA diva, BRIDGET VON HAMMERSMARK. Dressed to the
nines in a chic Forties style women's suit, complete with
fedora. The game their playing consists of each player having
a card with the name of a famous person, real or imaginary,
stuck to their forehead. The player doesn't know what name is
on their forehead. So they ask the others questions to figure
The Five Germans, five cards read; MASTER SGT 
           . And Bridget Von Hammersmark, who wears her card in
the brim of her fedora, has GENGHIS KHAN.
The DIALOGUE will be in GERMAN, and SUBTITLED into ENGLISH.
Also, while some dialogue will be written for the German
Soldiers, it will be mostly made up from the exuberance
of their game playing, and celebrating.
          .okay, I'm not German. Am I American?
The whole table bursts out laughing.
          What do you mean, not really? Of
          Well if he's so American, how come
suppose to be American, but he's not
a American creation. In fact, he's
character, from the past, I'm American,
          No it's not controversial. The nationally
of the author, has nothing to do with
So yes, this character was born in
          Well I'm glad that's settled. If I had
a wife, would she be called a squaw?
In the BACKGROUND, WE SEE, our three counterfeit German
Officers, Hicox, Wicki, and Stiglitz, enter the basement
tavern. They obviously. see the five German soldiers, but their
too far away for us  to read their face. No
doubt their less then happy. Fraulein Von Hammersmark
see's them as well. Without getting up, she waves to them.
          Hello, my lovelies, I will join you
in moments. I'm finishing up a game
with my five new friends here.
          I am WINNETOU, CHIEF of the APACHES!
The table CHEERS, and APPLAUD the Apache Chief, as he takes
The other Four German Soldiers drink down there beer(part of
Bridget Von Hammersmark knock backs her champagne.
friends came in, did you realize
you did a double take, like in the
          Really? No, I wasn't aware of that
          They must be second nature to you now?
Did they teach you how to do a double
          Well, yes they did, but it's not really
Bridget looks directly at the Master Sgt, and does a perfect,
          My turn, I want to try.
Mata Hari, looks directly at Beethoven, and does a Double
Soon the whole Table is doing dueling Double Takes.
          watch the table do dueling Double Takes. Obviously, they don't
          .Bridget Von Hammersmark rises, and excuses herself from the
Table. She removes the card stuck in her fedora, looking at
the name Gengus Khaun for the first time.
          Gengus Khaun! I would never of gotten that.
She walks over, and joins the masquerading Germans table, the
Gentlemen rise. She greets each warmly with a french cheek
kiss, as if she knows them well.
They all take a seat. The two Basterds, and one Brit, drink
Whiskey. The taverns PROPRIETOR, a older, big bellyed
Frenchman named EARL, comes over to the table, and pours more
champagne into Bridget's Champagne glass. He leaves, returning
back behind the bar, with the YOUNG FRENCH BARMAID, the only other
Obviously, they speak GERMAN, SUBTITLED into ENGLISH;
          I thought this place was suppose to
          Normally that's true. The Sgt over
there's wife, just had a baby. His
commanding officer gave him, and his
mates the night off to celebrate.
          F No, we should stay. For one drink at
least. I've been waiting for you in a
bar, it would look strange if we left
          She's right, just be calm, and enjoy
          The French Barmaid, has taken Bridget's place in the rousing,
rowdy game. She tells them, her person must be French, or she
won't know them. Winnetou thinks for a moment, then writes a
name on a card. The Barmaid puts it on her forehead, It says;
          No one knows. But that in itself
shouldn't be a problem. The cinema
it's been changed to is considerably
smaller then The Ritz. So whatever
materials you brought for The Ritz,
Now this next piece of information
is colossal, try not to over react.
The Fubrer, will be attending tomorrow.
Hugo Stiglitz does a SPIT TAKE.
Bridget's eyes bore holes in him.
          They see Hugo do the spit take, and burst out laughing.
Keeping it up, they begin to do dueling spit takes, like they
did dueling double takes earlier. Needless to say, they all
You'll be going as Ernst Schuller.
You'll say your a associate producer
one German production not under Goebbels
control, and Leni wouldn't be caught dead
          Master Sgt.Pola Negri, drinks his beer, as he looks over,
dreamily, at Bridget Von Hammersmark at the other table.
          We See in Bridget continues to brief Hicox on his identity.
the B.G., the German Master Sgt stand up from his table, and
          .the films gone through many delays,
and Leni's heath is deteriorating, so
Hicox, seeing the German Master Sgt approach, signals for her
          Frau Von Hammersmark, I was just
thinking, could you sign a autograph
to my son on his birthday?
This handsome happy Sgt, just became
The Pretend Officers offer congratulations to the Sgt.
The German Master Sgt, CLICKS his heels, and bows before his
He raises his hand .... as do the seated phony officers; "Heil
As she takes a rather fancy fountain pen from her clutch..
          So Wilhelm, do you know the name of
          I most certainly do, fraulein. His
Even the slightly psychotic Stiglitz, likes this German Sgt.
          Thank you, Lieutenant. When he's old
enough to ride a bicycle, I will buy
him a blue one. And I will paint on
He thrusts out his beer stein, for the officers to cheers.
Bridget finishes signing her autograph, with a big flourish.
          There you go. But wait, I'm not finished yet.
She reaches into her clutch, and pulls out some lipstick.
Applies some ruby red color to her lips, and then kisses the
napkin, leaving a big red lip print. Then hands the treasured
          Nothing but the best for little Maximilian.
          Thank you fraulein, thank you. Max may
not know who you are now. But he will.
I will show him all of your movies.
He will grow up with your films,
and this napkin on his wall.
          I purpose a toast to the greatest actress
in Germany! There is no Dietrich, there is
This would be a good time for the German Sgt to go back to his
table, and his men. And he almost does.... but... since he is
drunk, and star struck, he out wears his welcome.
          So, Frau Von Hammersmark, what brings
          Feeling any good Nazi officer's patience would of been
exhausted long ago, Lt.Hicox butts in.
You might not have worn out your welcome
with the fraulein, with your drunken
boorish behavior, but you have wore out
The Table of game playing Soldiers, hear this, and get quiet.
          Might I remind you Sgt.,your a enlisted
man. This is a officers table. I suggest
you stop pestering the fraulein, and
The German Master Sgt., looks quizzically at the officer.
          Excuse me Cap't, but your accent is
The whole room pauses-for different reasons...
A silent moment passes between the two tables, then the two
German born impostors spring into action.
          Sgt.! You must be ether drunk or mad,
to speak to a superior officer with
Stiglitz, STANDS and YELLS to the other table;
I suggest you take hold of your friend,
or he'll spend Max's first birthday
          The Germans SPRING UP, and take hold of Sgt.Pola...
The Five known Germans move aside, reveling the unknown German
in the room, unseen till now, our old friend from before
MAJOR DEITER HELLSTROM of the GESTAPO. The Major stands from
the little table he was sitting at.
          Like the young newly christened father,
I too have a acute ear for accents.
And like him, I too find yours odd.
From where do you hail, Cap't?
          Major, this is highly inappr -
          I was speaking to Cap't I--don't-know-what.
The Gestapo Major is now standing beside Sgt.Pola, before the
          I was born in the village that rests
in the shadow of Piz Palu.
          Yes. In that village we all speak like
this. Have you seen the Riefenstahl film?
          Then you saw me. You remember the skiing
          In that scene was myself, my father,
my sister, and my two brothers. My
brother is so handsome, the director
Pabst, gave him a Close Up.
As Bridget Von Hammersmark places a cigarette in a ivory
cigarette holder, which Hicox, as if on cue, lights for her,
          Major, if my word means anything, I can
vouch for everything the Young Cap't has
just said. He does hail from the bottom
of Piz Palu, he was in the film,
and his brother is far more handsome
Then....so does the Gestapo Major. He turns to the Sgt.
Which the young Sgt is more then happy to do. That table
Major Hellstrom, the highest ranking officer in the room, bows
graciously to the female German celebrity.
The Gestapo Major sits at the table, opposite Lt.Hicox, and
Wicki. The French Barmaid brings over the Majors beer stein.
          So that's the source of your bazaar
          Aside from having a drink with the lovely
          Well that pleasure requires no explanation.
          I mean in country. Your obviously not
stationed in France, or I'd know who
          You know every German in France?
          Well, there in lies the problem. We
never claimed to be worth knowing.
All levity aside, what are you doing
          Somebody has to carry the lighter.
          The Captain is my date, but all three
are my guests. We're old friends Major,
who go back along time. Longer then
a actress would care to admit.
          Well, in that case, let me raise a glass
to the three luckiest men in the room.
          They continue to have alot of fun playing their game.
          I must say, that game their playing
looks like a good bit of fun. I didn't
join them, because your quite right Cap't,
fraternize. But seeing as we're all
officers. What say we play the game?
Lt.Hicox begins to refuse, when Bridget (feeling she knows
          The Major borrows five cards from the other table, and lays
them out in front of Bridget and the officers.
          So the object of the game, is to write
the name of a famous person on your card.
Real or fictitious, doesn't matter. For
instance, you could write Confucius or
And they must be famous. No Aunt Inga's.
When you finish writing, put the card
face down on the table, and move it to
the person to your left. The person to
your right, will move their card in
front of you. You pick up the card
without looking at it, lick the back,
and stick it on your forehead like so.
          And in ten yes or no questions, you must
As Major Hellstrom finishes explaining the finer points of the
game, The CAMERA PANS OFF HIM, and BEGINS SLOWLY ZOOMING INTO
STIGLITZ. The Majors dialogue begins to FADE AWAY.
Untill we're in a SPAGHETTI WESTERN FLASHBACK. Which is RED
FILTERED FOOTAGE of Hugo being savagely WHIPPED by somebody
wearing a GESTAPO UNIFORM, SUPERIMPOSED over his CLOSE UP.
The Flashback disappears. It's driving Stiglitz crazy, being
this close to a Gestapo uniform, and not plunging a knife into
The Majors Voice comes back on the soundtrack.
          .So let's give it a try, shall we?
The Five players write their names...
Then move their cards to the right...
Everybody sticks their cards on their forehead...
          I'll start, give you the idea.
They laugh - but then Wicki says;
          Wait a minute, he goes to
          Don't be ridiculous, obviously he wasn't
          So... . I visited America, aye?
          .Bummm. My native land, is it what
The Table confers, and decides, yes it is exotic.
          Hummmm. That could be ether a reference
to the jungle, or the Orient. I'm going
to let my first instinct take over, and
ask, am I from the jungle?
          Now gentlemen, around this time you could
ask, weather your real or fictitious.
I however, think that's too easy, so I
won't ask that, yet. Okay, my native land
is the jungle? I visited America, but my
visit was not fortuitous to me, but the
implication is that it was to somebody
else. When I went from the jungle to
America,... .Did I go by boat?
          Did I go against my will?
          On this boat ride, ... . Was I in chains?
          When I arrived in America,...Was I
          Am I the story of the Negro in America?
          Well then I must be King Kong.
Be throws the card on the table.
          Nov since I answered correctly, you all
The three counterfeit Nazi's knock back their whiskey.
          Major, I don't mean to be rude. But the
four of us are very good friends. And
the four of us haven't seen each other
Major, I'm afraid, you are intruding.
          I beg to differ Cap't. It's only if the
intrusion, that I become a intruder.
How about it fraulein? Am I intruding?
          I didn't think so. It's simply the young
Cap't is immune to my charms.
The Table's not sure what to do, is this a confrontation?
          I'm just joking, of course I'm intruding.
          Allow me to refill your glasses gentlemen,
and I will bid you and the fraulein adieu.
Eric has a bottle of thirty-three year old
single malt scotch whisky from the
Scottish highlands. What do you say
          Eric, the thirty-three, and new glasses!
You don't want to contaminate the thirty-
three with the swill you were drinking.
          Not me. I like scotch, scotch doesn't like
          Nor I. I'll stay with bubbly.
Lt.Bicox, hold up three fingers, to Eric the
Eric brings the three glasses, and the old bottle, pouring for
Major Helistrom lifts up his beer stein, and toasts;
They all mutter, "a thousand year reich", and toast glasses.
The Gestapo Major puts down his beer stein, and then WE HEAR a
          Did you hear that? That's the sound of
my Luger pointed right at your testicles.
          Why do you have a Luger pointed at my
away, Cap't. Your no more German then
          I was saying that makes two of us. I've
had a gun pointed at your balls since
          We See all three guns pointed at appropriate crotches. As well
as Bridget's legs, right besides the Nazi Major's. Her pretty
gams are sure to be chewed up in the possible crossfire.
          And at this range, I'm a real
Hugo alsobrings out his dagger, and sitcks it in the table top.
          Hummmmm ... Looks like we have a bit
          What's going to happen, Major, is your
going to stand up, and walk out that
          No no no no no no, I don't think so.
I'm afraid you and I both know, no matter
what happens to anybody else in this room,
the two of us aren't going anywhere.
Too bad about them though. They seem
You two will have to shoot them.
          Then Major, i implore you. For the
sake of those German troops, will
          Oh Bridget, your concern for German
.right here. You mean for the sake
your whore legs, don't you? You can't
afford to get any bullet holes in them,
your not finished spreading them for
Lt.Hicox picks up his thirty-three year old single malt
          'Well, if this is it old boy, I hope
you dont mind if I go out speaking
The English film critic, commando, picks up the thirty-three
the Nazi Major bought him, and says;
          There's a special rung in hell reserved
for people who waste good scotch.
And seeing as I might be rapping on
          I must say, damn good stuff, sir.
          Now about this, "Pickle", we find
ourself's in. It would appear, there's
only thing left for you to do.
          Say, auf wiedersehen to your balls!
As does HICOX, HITTING not only Hellstrom, but BRIDGET as
          FIRES into HICOX'S BALLS and KNEE CAPS.
          then JUMPS over the table, and begins STABBING HELLSTROM with the
          brings his weapon out from underneath the table, and BEGINS
FIRING across at The GERMANS at the table, who unaware, were
          is SHOT IN THE BACK, before he even knew what was happening.
EDGAR WALLACE and The FRENCH BARMAID
          FALLS to the floor in the confusion.
FEMALE SGT.BEETHOVEN and STIGLITZ bring their guns toward each
other and FIRE. They BOTH TAKE and GIVE each other so many
BULLETS, it's almost romantic when they collapse DEAD on the
both ON THERE atMATA AARI is
The SHOOTING STOPS...the SMOKE caused by the gunfire ... starts
to DISSIPATE... The only one in the room left alive, is the
young German Sgt, with the machine gunn.
WE HEAR the feet of the soldiers outside, reach the basement
, .The German Sgt, sends FIFTY BULLETS in the doors
What we have here, is a rabbit hole like situation. No one
inside is getting out, no one outside is getting in.
The young German Sgt, YELLS in ENGLISH, to the outside;
          You outside! Who are you? British,
Aldo's Voice YELLS down the hole;
          You speak English pretty good for a
          I'm a father! My baby was born today
in Frankfurt! Five hours ago! His name
is Max! We were in here drinking and
          Okay, okay, it wasn't your fault!
          That's the same name as one of the
We hear a VOICE OFF SCREEN, yell out;
Wilhelm spins in the direction of the voice.
          On the floor, with a bullet in her BLOODY LEG, lies the
The German Sgt points the muzzle of the machine gunn at
the German celebrity; with hate in his eyes.
          Make a sound whore, and I spit!
          is the girl on your side?
           Who do you think, Von Hammersmark!
I thought so. So you run with the
American's now, huh? Now times are
She's been shot, but she's alive.
We hear The Basterds Curse their luck Off Screen.
          Okay Wilhelm, what'd ya say we
          Aldo. Wilhelm, can I call yap Willi?
          So Willi, you know we could lob three
or four or five or six grenades down
there, and your little war story ends
here. But good fer you, bad fer her,
you die, she dies. So what say we
          Okay, Willi here's my deal! You let
me and one of my men come down to
take the girl away! And we take the
girl, and leave! That simple, Willi!
You go your way, we go ours! And little
Max, gets to grow up playing catch with
his daddy! So what'ya say, Willi, we
          I want to trust you.... But howcanI?
          Well now, Willi, that's true enough.
But something you need to know, so
you don't get the wrong idea. Ain't
none of us give a fuck bout that
girl. But, admittedly, if you kill
her, it would fuck up our plans. But
you'll be dead by then anyway, so
what'd you care? And lets not
Max, growin up without a pop. So in
the spirit of gettin you home to
him, we got a deal, Willi?
          Okay Aldo, I'm going to trust you!
Aldo and Hirschberg come down the stairs, showing open hands.
Willi keeps his machine gunn trained on them.
Aldo with his hands up, says;
          Hey Willi, what's with the machine
gunny I thought we had a deal?
          We do have a deal, now git the girl
          Not so fast, Willi, we only have a
deal, we trust each other. A Mexican
          You need guns on me for it to be
          you got guns on us, you decide to
shoot, we're dead. Up top, they got
grenades, they drop 'em down here,
your dead. That's a Mexican stand
off, and that wasn't the deal.
          Just take that fucking traitor, and
go! See? Now your down here
Now you get tricky - t
          - No tricks!- Ain't nobody gittin
tricky, Willi; I swear to god, I'm
too damn dumb toget tricky. But
          him and I lived upto the deal. We
came down without guns. Now it's
Willi pointing gunn at them.,,, -thinking...
          i know your scarred. I'm scarred,
Ether we got a deal, or you might
as well just shoot us now.
He puts the machine gunn down on the bar.
          Fine. Take that fucking traitor and
get her out of my sight.
          From behind Aldo and Hirschberg, Bridget lifts up Major
Hellstroms Luger, and EMPTIES the remaining bullets into
Sgt.Willi, who FALLS to the floor, DEAD.
Aldo and Hirscberg spin around shocked.
          You fuckin bitch! I had a deal with
From the floor, the bloody, sweaty, and in excoriating pain
, German movie star, says to the
two American soldier's she's just meeting for the first time;
          He was a enemy soldier, who knew who
          Hirscberg loses control, and RICKS the woman on the floor,
          I ought'a beat your fuckin head in
          Stop it. Just pick her up, and get
          I said, she's right. He was a Nazi
soldier. If he lived, he would doomed
          Don't mean I like it, don't mean I
like her, but she's right. Now as
traitor, and get 'er outta my sight".
          Hirschberg, carrying Fraulein Von Hammersmark, and Aldo emerge
from the bowels of the basement.
Bridget points at a fancy black sedan, telling them it's her's.
Aldo, Hirschberg, Bridget, Donowitz, and Utivich pile in, and
          NOTE:In this entire scene, no French spoken will be SUBTITLED.
A OLD MAN lies asleep under the covers of his blankets, in his
          OFF SCREEN the sound of a DOOR BEING KICKED OPEN...
r .The SOUND of what sounds like EIGHT DOGS BARKING .... and the
sound of FEET RUNNING TOWARDS US...
.his bedroom door, is THROWN OPEN, and Sgt.Donowitz RUSHES
IN, grabbing the Old Man in his bed, and putting a
head, shocking, Donny SLAMS the . hard against the Old Man's
scarring, and bringing the old gent to attention.
          Doctor? Are you a fucking doctor?
          Donny YANKS/DRAGS the Old Man out of bed, in his almost
comical nightshirt (which makes him cuter, thus the brutality
against him hurts more) towards the door...
          .Into a doctors examining room, built into a French country
house, with a examining table, and medical instruments.
However, it's obviously the medical examining room
Along the walls are different cages with eight excited BARKING
The Soldiers are putting the shot in the leg, bleeding, and in
excruciating pain, Bridget on the examining table.
Donny, still holding on to the Old Man, points in the girls
          She's been shot. Shot. Bang bang...
          No no no, I don't speak English.
Donny jams the barrel of his . into the thigh of the Old Man.
          BANG BANG - in the leg, understand!
The Old Man nods his head yes.
          It's still a doctor. If he can get
a bullet out of a cow, he can get
          Right now, we just need morphine.
Donny yells at the Old Man;
The Old Man tries to explain in French, that he's not a human
          ..Donny takes the . and SHOOTS one of the DOGS in the
Donny SCREAMS at the Old Man;
          The Old Man begs him to stop, and goes to get the morphine.
          The BODY of Gestapo Major DEITER HELLSTROM dead on the floor.
          Were back in the basement tavern. Colonel Hans Landa stands
over the corpse. He moves over to the next corpse, a smile
He says in GERMAN SUBTITLED into ENGLISH;
          Ahhh Hugo, you've moved up in the
world I see. Lieutenant. And with
          A Nazi soldier named HERRMAN, joins the S.S. Officer.
to the United States when things
began turning sour for the Israelites.
They are the two German born members of
to don german uniforms, to ambush squads.
          Three Nazi Soldiers walking towards a company of other German
Soldiers. The Three Soldiers backs are to us. Dried bloody
bullet holes cover the backs of the three uniforms.
The SGT of the German company, yells to the trio;
          What brings you all the way out here?
The TRIO MOW DOWN the GERMAN COMPANY with their machine gunns.
          But that doesnt look like this.
.bending down, he examines fraulein von Hammersmarks two
pretty dress shoes lying on the floor.
One shoe is covered in blood.
The other, while blood speckled, is fairly clean.
Picking up the clean shoe, and holding it in his hand.
A OFF SCREEN SOLDIER'S VOICE cries out;
We follow Hans to the spot on the floor where Sgt.Willi lies.
He's shot in the chest, but it looks like Max's daddy is still
          Bridget on the examining table, post morphine shot.
The other Basterds in the room watch Aldo interrogate the
          Now 'fore we yank that slug outta ya,
you need to answer a few questions
          About I got three men dead back there,
and why don't you try tellin us what
          The British officer blew his German
act, and a Gestapo Major saw it.
          'fore we get into who shot John,
why did you invite my men to a
rendez-vous in a basement with a bunch
          I can see, since you didn't see
          Yeah, we gotta word for that kinda
          Don't let your imagination get the
better of you, Lieutenant. You met
the sergeant, Willi. He had a baby
him and his friends the night off to
          Okay, I'll buy that. He was ether
there with his men waiting for us,
or he was there celebrating his
sons birthday, he wasn't doin both.
          The English man, gave himself away.
She holds up three fingers, index to pinky.
She holds up three fingers, thumb to index.
          That's the German three. The other
is odd. Germans would, and did notice it.
          Okay, let's pretend there were no
the way it was suppose to. What would
          Tuxedos. To get them into the
with all the military there, would
of been suicide. But going as
members of the German film industry,
they wear tuxedos, and blend in with
everybody else. I arranged a tailor
          How did you intend to get them into
They do. And she opens it, and takes out three tickets to the
          Lt.Hicox was going as my escort.
The other two were going as a German
          Can you still get us in that
          Can you speak German better then your
friends, no. Have I been shot, yes.
I don't see me tripping the light
fantastique up the red carpet any
time soon. Least of all by tomorrow
Kino. One, the venue has been
changed from The Ritz, to a much
          Enormous changes at the last minute?
That's not very Germatic. Why the
hell is Goebbels doin stuff so damn
          It probably has something to do with
          IN A PRIVATE DINNING ROOM IN GERMANY, The FUHRER, aka Adolph
Hitler, aka Adolph Shicklegroover, aka The Bohemian Corporal,
having dinner with Goebbels, only a few short days ago.
          I've been rethinking my position in
regards to your Paris premiere of
"Nations Pride". As the weeks have
gone on, and the Americans are on
the beach, I do find myself thinking
more and more about this Private
Zoller. This boy has done something
tremendous for us. And I'm beginning
to think my participation in this
          When the hell did this happen?
          The venue change, two weeks ago.
          And how come London don't know
          We need to get something straight,
once and for all. Everything London
knows, it learned from me. If I
So now, this is me, informing you,
          Aldo stands up from the chair, pacing as he takes in this new
          I'm thinking getting a wack at
this a horse of a different color.
          It means, your gettin us in that
          I'm going to probably end up losing
this leg, bye bye acting career,
fun while it lasted. How do you
expect me to walk up a red carpet?
          The doggie docs gonna dig that slug
outta your gam. Then he's gonna wrap
it up in a cast, and you gotta good
how I broke my leg mountain climbing
          I don't. I like smoking, drinking,
and ordering in restaurants, but I
          We fill ya up with morphine, till
it's comin out ya ears. Then just
limp your little ass up that
          Splendid. When the Nazi's put me up
against a wall, it won't hurt
I know this is a silly question
before I ask it, but can you
Donny referring to Aldo and himself.
          With a atrocious accent, no doubt.
But that doesn't exactly kill us
in the crib. Germans don't have a
good ear for Italian. So you mumble
Italian, and brazen through it, is
          it sounds like shit, but what else
          No, it's good. If you don't blow it,
with that, I can get you in the
          Well I speak the most Italian, so
I'll be your escort. Donowitz speaks
the second most, so he'll be your
third most, so he'll be Donnys
          Like I said, third best. Just keep
your fuckin mouth shut. In fact why
don't you start practising, right now.
          IVGimmie a break, I'm from Manhattan.
          No worries, son. We got over fourteen
More then enough time for you to learn
          NO no no no, Lieutenant, it's not!
          Oh yes yes yes yes, Private, it is.
And yes yes yes yes, you will.
Look Utivich, you and I both know,
if we went to grade school together,
you damn sure ain't copyin off of my
test. Well I lern't to drive in four
hours on a Tennessee mountain road.
And I'm a shit for brains coal miner
          But there is a problem. I'm a movie
star. This is a movie premiere.
I can't show up looking like I was
just in a Nazi gun fight. Now I
have a dress for the premiere at my
have to get my hair done.
All The Basterds, except Donny, burst out laughing.
          Sister, you must got wunderbar luck.
Guess who went to beauty school?
The CAMERA WHIP PANS to SGT.DONOWITZ.
          We're in Shosannas and Marcels living quarters, above the
cinema. We've never been in here before.
          She's standing before a full length mirror, in a real
attractive Forties style dress for the premiere. She's stunning.
This is the first time in her life she's had the opportunity,
or the occasion to wear something like this. Since she knows
this is the last night of her life, no time like the present.
SOUNDS of the hub-bub of the premiere, not to mention the
German brass band that's blaring Third Reich Marches, can be
Shosanna walks to her apartment window, and looks down at the
SHOSANNAS POV: WE SEE all the pageantry below. Tons of
SPECTATORS. Tons of guests dressed in Nazi uniforms, tuxedos,
and female finery, walking up the long red carpet(with a big
Swastika in the middle, naturally) leading into Shosannas
cinema. The German brass band omm-pa-pa-ing away. German Radio
and Film crews covering the event for the fatherland back
home. And of course, MANY GERMAN SOLDIERS providing security
Shosanna COUGHS up a lugi, and HOCKS it.
A GERMAN S.S. GENERAL, being interviewed by a RADIO COMMENTATOR,
the lugi HITS him right on his bald head.
Shosanna goes back to the full length mirror, places a very
fashionable Forties style hat on her head, then lowers the
period style black fish net veil over her face. She takes out
a small GUN, and puts it in the pocket of her dress., and it's
on. She exits the apartment door, to join the premiere.
From this point on, there's no turning back, it's all the way
          The stairwell in the building that connects the living
quarters, with the cinema. She walks down the stairs, goes
through a door that puts her next to the projection booth
door. She takes out a key and opens it.
          Marcels prepping the film reels for tonight. The five silver
metal film cans that carry one mm reel of film each are laid
out. The cans for reels one and two are empty. Cans for reel
three, our specially marked can for reel four, and can for
Shosanna, looking like a Forties movie star, enters the
The scene in FRENCH SUBTITLED in ENGLISH;
is so exciting. Pleased to meet you.
Marcel lifts up the veil covering her face, and their lips
          Cheeky black bugger. I have to go
down and socialize with these Hun
pigs. Let's go over it again?
          Reel one is on the first projector.
Reel two is on the second. Three
and four are ready to go.
          Okay, the big sniper battle in the
film begins around the middle of
the third reel. Our film, comes on
in the forth reel, so Somewhere
towards the end of the third reel,
go down and lock the doors of the
behind the screen, and wait for my
CUE, when I give it to you, BURN IT DOWN!
          The pageantry of the evening is in full swing, as all the
German beautiful people, enter the cinema. They mingle in the
swastika covered, greek nude statue peppered lobby. Nazi
Military Commanders, High Ranking Party Officials, and German
Champagne from passing WAITERS who carry glasses on silver
We see Shosanna enter from the area at the top of the big
staircase in the lobby that overlooks the lobby parlor
entrance. She descends the staircase, and busies herself with
At the top of the staircase, looking down at the master race
in all there finery, is Colonel Hans Landa, dressed in his
finest SS Uniform, smoking on his Calabash.
          directly behind him. On the right side, we see the figure of
Col.Landa, from behind, watching the guests entering the
cinema. On the left side of frame, is the cinema entrance,
from a looking down perspective of the guests entering the
          .A THINK BUBBLE, like in a comic book, appears on the left
side of frame, obscuring the cinema entrance. Inside of Landas
think bubble, a little scene plays out.
          Inside a hospital room filled with DOCTORS, NURSES, and a
PATIENT in a hospital bed. Then Col.Landa enters the room, and
          I want everybody out of this room!
He walks over to the Patient in the hospital bed, Its none
other then SGT.WILLI, and yes, he's still alive.
Landa pulls up a chair next to the bed, sits down.
          Tell me everything that happened in
The THINK BUBBLE DISSOLVES away, reveling the entrance again,
and as if on perfect cue, in walks Bridget Von Hammersmark,
dressed lovely, leg in a big white cast. The three basterds in
He descends the stairs, towards the four saboteurs...
They speak in GERMAN, SUBTITLED in ENGLISH;
          So what's happened to your lovely
leg, a by product of kicking ass in
          Save your flattery, you old dog.
I know too many of your former
conquests, to fall into that honey
          Well, I tried my hand, foolishly I
          Believe it or not, yes it is.
A brief moment passes between the two...
          The Colonel BURSTS OUT with UPROARIOUS LAUGHTER. So uproarious
in fact, that it's quite disconcerting to the four saboteurs.
The Colonel begins to regain his composure...
          Forgive me, fraulein. I don't mean
laugh at your misfortune. It's just
compelled you to undertake such a
The Double meaning is not lost on the German actress.
          Well, I chant be doing it again,
          That cast looks as fresh as my old
Uncle Gustave, when were you climbing
          Very good eye, Colonel. It happened
          Hummm. And where exactly in Paris
This stops her for a seconded.
Then Landa laughs it off, taking them off the hook.
          I'm just teasing you, fraulein. You
know me, I tease rough. So who are
          I'm afraid neither three speak a
word of German. Their friends of
mine from Italy. This is a wonderful
A very talented cameraman, Enzo Gorlomi.
The German fraulein turns to the three tuxedo wearing
          Gentlemen, this is a old friend, Col.
The Basterds know only too well who Landa the Jew Hunter is,
          Margheriti.... Say it for me once
          One more time, but let me really
Then Hischberg breaks out the best Italian accent of the
          Well, my two cameraman friends need
Col.Landa stops a WAITER with a tray of champagne glasses.
          Not so fast, lets enjoy some champagne.
join us, I have some friends I'd
Shosanna joins the circle, and is handed a champagne glass.
This is the first moment The Basterds are aware of Shosanna.
          May I say Mademoiselle, you look
          This lovely young lady, is Mademoiselle
Emmanuelle Mimieux, this is her cinema,
and she is our hostess for the evening.
and none worse for the wear German
          I'm afraid my companions don't speak
any French, there Italian. This is
All three smile goofy spaghetti bender smiles.
Mimieux would be so kind to escort
          It would be my pleasure. Let me see
Donny hands her two tickets. She indicates for them to follow her.
Donny and Hirschberg both exchange one last look with Aldo,
then follow the young french girl into the auditorium.
          The cinema auditorium is filling up quickly with grey and black
Shosanna finds the two counterfeit Italians their seats.
After she points out their seats, she turns to leave...
.reaches out and grabs her wrist.
He looks her in the face, and filled with tremendous guilt,
because if he's successful tonight he's going to blow this
cute French girl to smithereens, he says;
The cute French Girl looks back at the goofy looking Italian
boy with slicked back hair, that makes him look kind of
Jewish, with tremendous guilt, knowing if she is successful
tonight, she's going to burn him alive, and says;
          They begin flicking the lights on and off. A GERMAN SOLDIER
YELLS in GERMAN in the lobby;
          Take your seats! The show is about to
Col.Landa, Lt.Aldo, and Bridget are still together.
          I must call The Fuhrer. He doesn't
want to make his entrance untill
everybody seated. Come with me Frau
heard your here, and he wishes to
          Don't be modest. Everybody is quite
taken with your resolve. A accident,
yet you still show up to to a
was quite adamant in his gratitude.
I'm afraid I must rob you of your
companion, but only for a moment.
          Wait here a moment. I promise I won't
What are ether of them suppose to do, argue?
Col.Landa goes over to one of the Nazi GAURD/USHER, and
whispers in his ear, gesturing toward Aldo. Like he's saying,
leave the boy alone, till we come back... .Or is he?
Col.Landa limps Bridget away towards Shosannas office.
As Aldo stands in the lobby, more and more people enter the
auditorium, till it's only Aldo and the six Nazi Gaurd/Ushers
          Shosanna's cinema manager office. It's small, cluttered, and
Col.Landa closes the door behind him, and LOCKS IT.
Now the two Germans are alone.
Pointing at one lone chair in front of the desk.
She lowers herself in the chair.
Instead of moving around to the other side of the desk,
opposite her. The SS Colonel pulls another little chair over,
and places it in front of the fraulein.
He sits. Their knees almost touching.
The colonel points to the foot not in the cast.
          Put your foot in my lap.
          I assure you fraulein, my intention
Patting his lap more with more aggression.
The nervous fraulein, lifts up her strapy dress shoe enclosed
foot, and places it in the Colonel's lap.
The Colonel, very delicately, unfastens the thin straps that
hold the frauleins shoe on her foot...
.Leaving only the frauleins bare foot...
          He removes from his heavy SS coat pocket, the pretty dress shoe
the fraulein left behind at La Louisiane...
He slips it on her foot...
Col.Landa smiles and says in ENGLISH;
"if the shoe fits...you must wear it".
He removes her foot from his lap.
She stares defiant daggers into him.
          The only thing I will admit to, is
          Hans LUNGES forward, putting his strong mitts around Bridget
Von Hammersmarks lily white delicate neck, and with all the
violence of a Lion in mid-pounce, SQUEEZES with all his MIGHT.
Bridgets face turns tomato RED, as the VEINS in her face
BULGE, and her esophagus is CRUSHED in his GRIP.
With a violent YANK, he JERKS her TO THE FLOOR. She TUMBLES
out of the chair, Landa never releasing his GRIP around her
throat. Nov fully on top of her, he BEARS DOWN, SQUEEZING THE
VERY LIFE OUT OF HER. Every thing he has, he brings to bear on
Then, to finally finish her off, he begins BANGING THE BACK OF
He releases the grip around her throat. His hands are
Strangling the very life out of somebody with your bear hands,
is the most violent act a human being can commit.
Also, only humans strangle, the opposable thumbs being quite
important part of the endeavor. As Hans Landa stands, the
sheer violence he had to call on to accomplish this task,
still surges through him. He tries to gain control of the
trembling, that is rippling through his body. He takes out a
silver SS FLASK, and knocks back
a couple of swigs. He holds his hand out in front of him. The
TREMBLING is beginning to subside. He picks up the telephone.
          Into the phone in German he says;
          Inform The Fuhrer the audience has
taken there seats, and we're ready
Step one, in Hans master plan, done.
          .he's JUMPED by the SIX NAZI USHERS...
He's THROWN ROUGHLY to the ground face first. Like the modern
day Secret Service, within seconds, his wrists are handcuffed
behind his back, he's searched, they find the BOMB attached to
his ankle, it's removed, a BLACK CLOTH BAG is pulled over his
head, then he's hoisted up, and RUSHED out of the building.
This happens in mere seconds, and quietly too, no one in the
          ,including Donowitz and Hirschberg, sitting amongst the
          The Six Nazi Soldiers, hustle the hooded Aldo, down the red
carpet, then into the alley besides the cinema.
Aldo's put up against a wall.
Inside the black hood, he's SCREAMING every insulting thing
about Germany, Germans, German food, German
Col.Landa, now standing directly in front of his hooded
          You've had a nice long run, Aldo.
Alas, your now in the hands of the
SS. My hands to be exact. And they've
been waiting along time, to touch you.
He reaches out with his finger, and lightly touches Aldo's
face right in the middle of the hood.
In German, he orders the men put Aldo in the back of a truck.
Aldo, bound, and bagged, is put in the truck. Also in the
truck is Utivich, wearing a makeshift chauffeurs uniform,
bound, and bagged like the Lieutenant.
Col.Landa turns around, and SEES FROM A DISTANCE, Hitlers
motorcade pull up to the cinema.. Then the Fuhrer, Goebbels,
Francesca, and the rest of the entourage, make there way down
the red carpet into the cinema.
          We see the truck leaving the city of Paris, under the veil of
We also seem to be leaving the drama of Operation Kino.
          The two hooded prisoners, bounce along in the back of the
Utivich, is crying inside his hood.
          Do you know what happened to Donny?
          Nothin to be sorry about, son.
          Not exactly John Wayne, am I?
          John Waynes a pampered movie star.
He burst into tears, if his cook,
busts his yoke at breakfast. Just
try puttin a bag over his head, and
hear what kinda sounds he makes.
          I just want you to know, son, I was
real proud of you tonight. Learnin
how to drive overnight. Driving in
that Limo line. You was in the hot
seat, son, and you stood up real good.
Aldo takes his foot, finds Utivichs foot, and places his foot
The TOUCH has a slight calming effect on Utivich.
In the darkness, Utivich has reclaimed his dignity.
          The truck pulls up to a small tavern outside of Paris(not La
The two hooded prisoners, are walked inside the establishment.
          The hooded men are lead into the closed for business, but open
          The Nazi Guards, unlock the handcuff, then sit them down inchairs.
Then, simultaneously, the hoods are YANKED OFF.
The two prisoners, are seated at a table, in what they can now
see, is a rustic tavern. On the table is one telephone, one
bottle of Chianti, and three glasses. And on the opposite end
of the table, sits Colonel Hans Landa.
A NAZI SOLDIER sits posted at  a impressive looking two way
radio set up in the tavern.
Colonel Lands starts in right away at the two baffled,
They will only speak ENGLISH in the scene.
          What could you have possibly been
          Well, I speak alittle Italian -
          I speak a little Tagalog, but I
wouldn't begin to presume I could
pass for Filipino. Don't get me
wrong, I understand you were in a
pickle, what with you losing your
Germans. And I have nothing but
convincing. if the three of you had
shown up to the premiere dressed
in womans attire, it would have been
Landas eyes go to the Two Nazi Guards behind the prisoners.
          You may leave us. But stay alert
They exit, leaving the Colonel, the Lieutenant, the
Private and a German Radio Man in the corner.
          Jew Hunter, , I'm a detective.
people is my specialty. So naturally,
I worked for the Nazi's finding people.
And yes, some of them were Jews.
But Jew Hunter? Just the name that stuck.
          Well you do hafts admit, it is
          Do you control the nicknames, your
enemies bestow on you? Aldo the
          What do you mean, The Little Man?
          The Germans nickname for me is, The
          Or "The Little One, ether one means you.
And as if to make my point, I'm
a little surprised how tall you
were in real life. I mean, your a
little fellow. But not circus midget
          Where is my men? Where is Bridget
          Bridget Von Hammersmark. Oh I'm sure
cesspool in hell, the devil reserves
          Well, lets just say, she got what
she deserved. And when you purchase
you get what you pay for.
Now as far as your Pisanos,
          How do you know our names?
          Lt.Aldo, if you don't think I wouldn't
interrogate every single one of your
We simply aren't operating on the
level of mutual respect I assumed.
Now, back to the whereabouts of your
Donowitz, should be sitting in the
very seats we left them in. Seats,
 and , if my memory serves.
would call a terrorist plot, as of
this moment, is still a go.
The two Basterds don't believe this. It can't be true.
What's next, Eliza on the ice?
          However, all I have to do, is pick
pick up that phone right there.
Inform the cinema, and your plans
          IF, their still there, and IF their
still alive, and that's one big IF,
there ain't no way, you gonna take
them boys without settin off them
          I have no doubt, and yes, some
Germans will die., and yes, it will
ruin the evening, and yes, Goebbels
will be very very very mad at you
for what you've done to his big night.
But you won't get Hitler, you won't
get Goebbels, you won't get Gering,
and you won't get Boorman. And you
need all four to end the war.
          But if I don't pick up that phone,
right there, you may very well get
all four. And if you get all four,
The Nazi Colonel lifts up the bottle of Chianti, and fills
three glasses. As he pours, he says;
All three have their Chianti filled glasses.
          So the way I see it, since Hitlers
solely on my reaction...If I do
nothing ...it's as if I'm causing his
          Good, we more or less, all agree.
Gentlemen, I have no intention, of
Boorman, not to mention winning the
war single handedly for the allies,
only later, to find myself standing
          If you want to win the war, tonight,
We have to make a deal.
          The kind you wouldn't have the
authority to make. However, I'm sure
this mission of yours, has a
Aldo's eyebrows reveal that was a good guess.
          Oooh, that's a bingo. Is that the
way you say it, That's a bingo?
          Bingo! How fun. But I digress, where
were we? Oh yes, make a deal. Over
there is a very capable two way
radio. And sitting behind it, is a
named Herrman. Get me somebody on
the other end of that radio with the
power of the pen, to authorize my
- Let's call it, the terms of my
          Shosanna in the booth, she brings down the lights.
In the packed, excited auditorium, the house lights go down.
CU CURTAIN SWITCH, she flips it.
In the auditorium, the RED VELVET CURTAINS part.
Shosanna, throws the lever on the first projector.
The PROJECTOR BULB goes HOT WHITE, PROJECTING A BEAM...
mm FILM moves through the projectors film gate...
The opening seal of a film by The THIRD REICH flickers on the
Shosanna, in the booth, watches through the little window...
The CAMERA PANS OFF of Shosanna, to the clearly marked film
can, REEL FOUR. The SURPRISE REEL.
          Landa, with radio headphones over his ears, and a microphone
in his hand, talks to the UNSEEN/UNHEARD American Brass on the
          .So, when the military history of
this night is written, it will be
recorded, that I was part of
Anything I've done in my guise as a
SS Colonel, was sanctioned by The
O.S.S., as a necessary evil to
establish my cover with The Germans.
And it was my placement, of
there demise. By the way, that last
          Landa placing bomb in Goebbels and Francesca's opera box.
          I want my full military pension and
I want to receive the congregational
medal of honor, for my invaluable
assistance in the toppling of the Third
          He looks over and sees Aldo and Uitvich watching the one sided
          In fact, I want all the members of
citizenship for myself - but that
goes without saying. And I would
like the United States of America to
Nantuckett island, as a reward for
all the countless lives I've saved
by bringing the tyranny of the
swifter then imanged end. Do you
          I look forward to seeing you face to
The Colonel hands the headphones and microphone to Aldo.
We HEAR the VOICE on the other end of the radio, give Aldo his
          Colonel Landa will put you and
Private Uitivich in a truck as
prisoners. Then he and his radio
operator, will get in the truck,
drive to our lines. Upon crossing
our lines, Colonel Landa and his
man will surrender to you. You will
then take over driving of the truck,
a bring them straight to me for
The Conversation is over, he puts the radio down.
The three men look at one another.
          So I suppose the only thing left to
do is lift a glass, and toast to
You too Herrman, come over here.
The four men, Col.Hans Landa, Lt.Aldo Raine, Pvt.Smithson
Uitivich, and Herrman, lift up four glasses of wine.
          Fredrick Zoller, playing himself, is in a ornamental tower in
a Russian village, picking off RUSSIAN SOLDIER's below.
          peering at the German Private through binoculars. He lowers
the long range glasses, and confers with one of his OFFICERS.
          . General, I implore you, we must
          That tower is one of the oldest, and
I won't be responsible for turning a
thousand years of history into dust!
A BRAVE RUSSIAN SOLDIER, tries to run between two buildings.
Then proceeds to pick him apart, one single bullet at a time.
          She removes "REEL " , and prepares
it on the nd Projector. Reel, on the first Projector,
playing now, is halfway through. In a few short minutes, it's
Marcel says to Shosanna in FRENCH, SUBTITLED in ENGLISH;
          It's time. I should go lock the auditorium,
and take my place behind the screen.
This is the last time they will ever see each other, too much
to say. He holds her in his arms and lays a one kiss before I
          sit in their seats watching the movie, surrounded by DRESS
UNIFORM NAZI'S. They've developed a dopey way of communicating
with each other in this hostel environment.
Basically, speaking English like it were gibberish Italian.
They say English words, only adding a "I", or a "A", or a "O",
to the end of it. And saying it in a exaggerated Italian
Donowitz leans into Hirschberg, and says in a wispier;
They speak in ITALIA-ISH SUBTITLED into ENGLISH;
When-a I-a Go-a, you-a Set-ta Boom-a.
Hirschberg indicates/pantomimes, he can't set his bomb
Donowitz, pantomimes crossing his legs, setting bomb on ankle
in his seat. Then getting up, and dropping it in the back of
Donny pantomimes again, more exaggerated, and with less
(After you set the bomb, wait five
minutes, and get out of here)
does "What-O" mean "What", as well?)
(After you set the bomb, wait five
minutes and get the fuck out of here.)
          Donowitz stands from his seat, and walks out of the dark
auditorium, into the lobby. The Nazi Guards/Ushers are gone,
the lobby is completely empty. Seeing the STAIRS leading down
to the WATER CLOSET/BATHROOM, he descends them to plant
the Boom-a, I mean, The Bomb.
          leading to the Water closet. Like a lot of old cinema's, not
only was the water closet located under the auditorium, you
had to pass through a rather large SMOKING LOUNGE to get to
it. In the Smoking Lounge are TEN NAZI ENLISTED MEN, the
Guards/Ushers for the event, smoking and indulging in soldiers
gossip. They're all in dress uniforms, and all are armed.
Donowitz, in his tuxedo, acts cool, and walks right through
They look up, but don't disturb there time off vibe.
Donny enters the big Water Closet. Except for ONE LONE NAZI
ENLISTED MAN at the urinal, it would appear as if
Donny has the whole wash room to himself.
He enters the privacy of a toilet stall, locks the door.
          He descends the stairs leading down from the projection booth,
into the empty lobby. He goes to one of the auditorium doors,
          in the back of the room. The audience seems riveted to
Marcel closes the door, and with a KEY, DEADBOLTS it SHUT.
          WE PAN OFF THE SCREEN to Marcel, who locks the two doors on
ether side of the screen....due to curtains placed there, no
Marcel then goes BEHIND THE SCREEN, WE SEE the IMAGE
 of Fredricks sniper battle HUGE COVERING ENTIRE
SIDE ROOM ...A PILE of overnitrate FILM PRINTS, lay like a
junk pile, right behind the screen.
Sitting down in a wooden chair facing the screen, and
Pile-o-film, he lights up a cigarette, a absolute no-no in a
cinema of this era, but tonight, what does it matter?.
He smokes, and waits for his cue to... .BURN IT DOWN!
          along side Hitler, Goebbels, Francesca, and BOORMAN. On screen
the battle rages. He leans over and whispers something in
Goebbels ear, we can't hear. Goebbels makes a very sympathetic
face , and says in German;
You go now, and we'll see you after
He exits the opera box. And walks to the projection booth
door. He raps on the door in a trying to be amusing way.
The door opens, just a little bit, Shosanna not friendly,
Be, as per usual, is all smiles and charm.
They speak in FRENCH, SUBTITLED into ENGLISH;
          Are you the manager, of this cinema?
I want my money back. That actor in
          She doesn't even smile. She says, in all serious business;
          Can't you see how busy I am?
          Then allow me to lend a assist.
          Fredrick it's not funny, you can't
be here. This is your premiere, you
need to be out there with them.
As Fredrick prepares to tell his little tale, with all the
charm at his command, Shosanna listens, knowing the third reel
is just about over, and her big reel change is coming up.
And for all the other films I do,
I intend to endure evenings like
However the fact remains, this film,
is based on my military exploits.
And in this case, my exploits
consisted of me killing many men.
Consequently, the part of the film
that's playing now,... .I don't like
          Fredrick, I am sorry, but -
          - So, I thought, I'd come up here
and do what I do best, annoy you.
And from the look on your face, it
would appear I haven't lost my touch.
          Sgt.Donowitz, with BOMB in his lap, sets the timer, six
minutes from now. He then places the bomb in the back of the
          we see the tile of the floor stretch out before us. We see
Donny's feet in the closed toilet stall. We HEAR, the OFF
SCREEN Nazi Enlisted Man, finish his piss. Then HIS SHOES WALK
THROUGH FRAME... .WE FOLLOW THEM TO... .The SINK...WE STAY ON
The Shoes ...as WE HEAR The Soldier WASH HIS HANDS... THEN...
THE CAMERA RISES UP HIS PANT LEG...Till...WE"RE EYE LEVEL with
the German Soldier, with a ARMY CAP on his head, who's
done washing his hands....THEN....The Soldier removes
his cap, brushes some bangs out of his face, and WE CAN SEE
          OF THE BASTARDS. He SPLASHES some WATER ON HIS FACE, puts his
cap back on his head, and joins his comrades in the smoking
lounge. As he exits FRAME, he says to somebody OFF SCREEN;
          Hey Fritz, you owe me three cigarettes,
          Fredrick still outside the doorway, and Shosanna, still baring
          I have to get prepared for the reel
          Oh please, it's been two years since
          Are you so use to the Nazi's kissing
your ass, you've forgotten what the
can't come in here, now go away!
No subtitles for Fredrick needed this time, he gets it.
He does a one-armed PILE DRIVE PUSH on the door, knocking both
it OPEN, and Shosanna back into the room.
Fredrick, a different cat then we've seen up till now, enters
the booth, closing the door behind him, and LOCKING it.
The quite startled Shosanna, says to Fredrick;
          Well, it's nice to know you can feel
something. Even if it's just physical
          I'm not a man you say, "Go away"
dead bodies in Russia, that if
they could, would testify to that.
After what I've done for you, you
          The Swastika Forehead Soldier, get a light for his cigarette.
          He faces the washroom, and down that long throw, he sees Donny
emerge from the toilet stall. His tuxedo jacket is off, and
draped over his right hand. Sporting the white dress shirt,
and black tuxedo vest. He's quite far away, so now he just
looks like some guy in a tux, who just finished taking a shit.
          Donny getting closer, begins to notice, German soldier notice
          now Donny is close enough for the Soldier to recognize. His
The Soldier's GUN is out of it's holster, and rising toward
          Donny raises his right arm, with the tuxedo jacket on it, and
FIRES a GUN concealed under it.
HITTING Swastika Forehead in the chest...Who finishes raising
his GUN, FIRING HITTING Donny in the chest...
The Two Soldier's FIRE INTO each other.... Till there weapons are
empty, and the two men lie dead on the floor.
The Nine other NAZI'S in the room, stand shocked at what just
          Fredrick hears the gunshots below them, and turns towards the
While Fredrick's back is turned, Shosanna takes a GUN out of
her pocket, and SHOOTS Fredrick THREE TIMES in the back...
..Be CRASHES HARD into the door, then FALLING FACE FIRST to
Shosanna, gun in hand, looks out projection booth window into
The ON SCREEN BATTLE rages so LOUDLY with GUNFIRE, that her
weapon didn't stand a chance of being heard.
Her eyes go from the audience...
.Which holds FREDRICK ZOLLER in a tight handsome CLOSE UP.
The Face on the silver screen, breaks the young girl's
.She looks to his body, lying face down on the floor, blood
flowing from the holes she put in his back...
.His body moves a little, and he lets out a painful MOAN...
.DIEING though he is, at this moment, Fredrick is still
..She touches him, and he lets out another MOAN...
.She turns his body over on it's back...
..he's holding a LUGER in his hand...
          Two bullets HIT HER POINT BLANK IN THE CHEST...
THROWING HER against the wall, then FALLING FORWARD on her
..Fredrick, Luger still in hand, takes aim from the floor...
          HITTING the bloody girl on the floor, in the thigh...
.SPINNING her BODY around in agony...
Like he did to the Russian on screen, he picks her apart, one
          Luger drops to floor, Fredrick DIES.
Our young French Jewish heroine, lies on the projection booth
floor, in a pool of her own blood, her body RIDDLED with
bullets, her nerve endings wracked with pain, CRIPPLED and
          ..the little bell on the st projector, starts to ring,
informing the projectionist, it's time for The REEL CHANGE.
Dieing or not, if Shosanna intends to get her revenge, she's
going to have to lift her ass off the floor, and execute this
          The battle on screen continues waging. The audience is
watches, completely caught up in the dramatic spectacle.
He says to Goebbels in German;
Goebbels is beyond proud, he smiles to Francesca, who proudly
          Shosanna, bloody, crippled, and fucked, with great painful
effort, PULLS HERSELF OFF THE FLOOR...
          Hirschberg, sitting in his seat, SETS the BOMB on his ankle.
Then stands up, and begins scooting past everybody in his rows
          like the German heroine in one of Riefenstahl's mountain films,
Shosanna CLIMBS UP the mm film projector, like it was
          Private Zoller FIRING away from his perch. In the top far
right corner of The FRAME. WE SEE the st REEL CHANGE MARK...
          Shosanna hanging on to projector, waiting for nd reel change
          Marcel, smoking, waiting for his cue...
          get out of his xow, and begins walking up the aisle in the
middle of the cinema towards the exit.
          SERGIO LEONE CU FREDRICK, he SCREAMS to Russians below;
          Who wants to send a message to
In the top right of FRAME The nd REEL CHANGE MARK POPS ON...
          Shosanna TOSSES herself to the floor, as she THROWS THE CHANGE
OVER SWITCH on the nd Projector...
          HITS the DUSTY ground HARD, NOT in slow motion...
          on floor, eyes close, last breath blown into dusty projection
booth floor. Like her family befor her, dead from Nazi
          CAMERA in the exact same placement, same background ,
SLIGHT LOW ANGLE LOOKING UP, so on screen Shosanna is looking
down on the Nazi's, the way Fredrick was looking down on the
Russians. The way this HUGE IMAGE OF SHOSANNA'S GIANT FACE stares
down the auditorium of Nazi's, brings to mind Orwells ""
          standing in the middle of the aisle, turns towards the screen.
When he see's Shosanna's GIANT FACE, he's gobsmacked.
          Marcel sitting in the chair, with his cigarette, before the
          She stares down the packed house of Nazi's, and says
          I have a message for Germany. I'm
horse shit, to inform you despicable
German swine, that your all going to
          And I want you to look deep in the face
of The Jew who's going to do it.
          While the shocked German audience is transfixed to thescreen,
behind the heads of most of them...
The BOMB Landa set in Hitlers and Goebbels opera box...
          BLOWING TO SMITHEREENS, HITLER, FRANCESCA, BOORMAN, and
propelling GOEBBELS, still in his theatre seat, across the
auditorium, into the opposite wall, and taking out a portion
The explosion causes the huge chandelier from Versailles, to
topple from it's jerry-rigged placement, and CRASH on to the
ON SCREEN THE GIANT FACE OF SHOSANNA finishes her WAR CRY.
          My name is Shosanna Dreyfus, and this is
the face of Jewish Vengeance! Marcel,
          Marcel takes his cigarette, and FLICKS IT into the pile of
ON SCREEN SHOSANNAS GIANT FACE LAUGHS MANIACALLY at the
scrambling little Nazi's, running in a panic, as FLAMES LIKE
          and CLIMB UP THE WALLS of the cinema.
          with bomb set on ankle, is caught in a massive Day of the
People frantically pound on locked doors, trapping them to
The FLAMES and FIRE spread through thr auditorium...
Hirschberg caught in people crunch, knows this is it.
          right underneath everybody in the room.
The effect this has on the people in the room, is very similar
to that of the effect a M-blowing up in a ant hill, would
have on the ants. The auditorium is a literal red rain of legs,
Theses SUBTITLES APPEAR ON SCREEN as if on a military
          It's a misty early morning, in the woodsy area. The German
truck, with Aldo and Uitvich in the back, and Landa and
Herrman in the front comes to stop.
LANDA and HERRMAN IN TRUCK CAB
Herrman, behind the wheel, tells Landa in German;
          These are the American lines, sir.
In the back of the truck, sit the two last remaining members
of The Basterds, Lt.Aldo Raine, and Prvt.Smithson Uitivich,
both with their hands cuffed behind there back.
Landa and Herrman appear at truck rear, says in ENGLISH;
          Okay Gentlemen, you can climb down.
          Aldo and Uitivich climb down from the truck.
Col.Landa indicates for Herrman to remove the handcuffs from
Col.Landa hands over his LUGER, and his very cool looking SS
over to you, Lt.Raine. We are your
          Thank you very much Colonel. Uitivich,
cuff the Colonel's hands behind his
As Uitivich cuffs the. Colonels hands behind his back, Aldo
Then Aldo takes the Luger, and SHOOTS HERRMAN DEAD.
          Are you mad? What have you done? I made
a deal with your General for that mans
          Yeah, they made that deal, but they
don't give a fuck about him, they
          Raw I don't think so, more like I'll
be chewed out. I've been chewed out
before. You know, Uitvich and myself,
heard that deal you made with the Brass.
End the war tonight? I'd make that deal.
How bout you Uitivich, you make that
          I don't blame ya. Damn good deal.
And that pretty little nest ya
your willing to barbecue the whole
high command, I suppose that's worth
who gives a damn, let's all go home.
When you go to your little place on
Nantuckett Island, I image you gonna
take off that handsome looking SS
For the first time in the movie, Col.Landa doesn't-respond.
          That's what I thought. Now that...
.I can't abide. How bout you
          I mean if I had my way, you'd wear
that goddamn uniform for the rest of
your pecker suckin life. But I'm
aware that's ain't practical. I mean
at some point ya gotta hafta take it
He opens LandaSS DAGGER, and holds the BLADE in front of Hans
          So I'm gonna give you a little
          The Dagger has just completed carving a swastika deep into his
          On the ground, looking up at Aldo, bloody knife in hand, who
straddles him.. And Uitivich, who's next to him. The two
          You know somethin Uitivich, I think
this just might be my masterpiece.
boarding Gate , first class only.
With a smile on her face, she collects passengers'
boarding passes as they board the plane.
A chorus line of six beautiful bikini-clad women, all
holding different automatic weapons, BLASTING away.
One bikini beauty is singled out. She's a gorgeous
brunette named SIDNEY. Sidney stands facing camera
holding a TEC- and describing it.
Hi, I'm Sidney. And I love to TEC-.
The popular TEC- is advertised by
its makers as being tough as the
SIDNEY'S STATISTICS: Age, height, measurements, date of
birth, appear at the bottom left-hand corner. As Sidney
continues her sales pitch/demonstration, a BLACK MAN'S
VOICE begins talking over the video.
That's a TEC-. It's a cheap ass
After a CLOSEUP of the TEC-, Sidney FIRES the weapon.
Cost three-eighty retail. I get them
for two hundred and sell 'em for
The Black Voice belong to forty-five-year old ORDELL
Ordell wears clothes nice and likes wearing nice clothes.
Stylish, athletic wear , heavy, black leather
jackets , warm-colored berets and baseball
caps to cover his balding head are Ordell's "look." At
this moment Ordell's wearing an open silk shirt.
Ordell narrates the video playing on the big-screen V.
and the remote control in the other, pacing the floor in
LOUIS GARA, who looks like he does his shopping at the
Salvation Army (dressed in a Hawaiian shirt and
dungarees), sits on the sofa staring blankly at the
video, drinking Jack Daniels on ice. Louis, white, also
in his mid forties, has lived over half of his life in
penal institutions. The experience has affected both his
body language and his thought process.
While acutely aware of the rhythm of life inside a
correction facility, in the real world his timing is
thrown. It's like a song he doesn't know the lyrics to
The third person watching the video is the person who
lives in this apartment, MELANIE RALSTON. Melanie, thirty-
three, is a tanned, blonde, California beach bunny. Like
the kind you se in the old Crown International movies
from the seventies like "Pom Pom Girls" "Malibu Beach"
and "Beach Girls," except Melanie is older than any of
those girls ever are. She's dressed in her Melanie-
uniform of stringy Levis cutoffs and a stringy bra top.
So far Melanie has been able to make a living out of
lying in the sun, always finding a generous, wealthy man
more than willing to pay her rent and pick up her tabs.
In her prime  it was Japanese industrialists,
film production guys, and Middle Eastern businessmen who
kept Melanie. And it was places like the Bahamas,
Acapulco, and the Virgin Islands where they kept her.
But now, at thirty three, she lives in an apartment in
Hermosa Beach, California that Ordell pays for an drops
in and out of. She's curled up in a reclining chair,
smoking weed from a pipe, reading Movieline Magazine and
paying no attention to the video.
This TEC-? They advertise it as
being the most popular gun in
American crime. Can you believe that
shit? It actually says that on the
little booklet that comes with it.
"Most Popular Gun in American Crime,"
like they're proud of that shit.
Ordell hits the fast-forward on his remote control.
Sidney is rushed off the screen and replace by CINDY, a
pretty, blonde bodybuilder clad in a red, white and blue
Now see what she got. That's a Styer
aug. Styer Aug's a bad motherfucker.
Cindy BLASTS the Styer Aug, loud.
Ordell imitates the sound of the weapon.
Austria. My customers don't know shit
about it, so there ain't no demand.
Baby, I could use some more ice.
Melanie puts down the magazine, takes his cocktail glass
from him and moves to the kitchen.
But put that bad boy in a flick,
one. I'm serious as a heart attack.
Them Hong Kong movies came out, every
nigga gotta have a forty-five. And
they don't want one, they want two,
cause nigga want to be "The Killer."
What they don't know, and that movie
don't tell you is a . has a serious
fuckin' jammin' problem. I always try
and steer a customer towards a -
weapon, don't have half the jammin'
problems. But some niggas out there,
you can't tell them anything. They
want a .. The killer had a .,
Melanie comes back, hands Ordell his screwdriver, then
Ordell sits down on the couch. Melanie's reading
Mr. Walker. He runs a fishing boat in
Mexico. I deliver the merchandise to
him, gets it to my customers. On all
my bulk sales, anyway. Nigga didn't
have a pot to piss in or a window to
throw it out 'fore I set 'em up. Now,
got himself a yacht, with all kinds
of high tech navigational shit on it.
AK-, the very best there is.
GLORIA, a tall, Amazonian, bikini-clad, black woman faces
gotta kill every motherfucker in the
there is the Chinese one. I pay eight-
Get that for me, will ya baby?
Girl, you better not make me go over
there and put my feet to ya.
Louis keeps staring at he screen.
Melanie gets up, goes over to the counter that separates
the living room from the kitchen, picks up the phone,
Puts the phone down and says;
Before Ordell knows it, Melanie is back in the reclining
chair, reclining back all the way.
Ordell, pissed, looks at her a moment before taking the
Louis sits on he couch, drinking his Jack Daniels,
Melanie lies back on the reclining chair, takes a hit off
her pipe, then says in a 'holding in smoke' voice;
I can sit through it once.
He thinks he's Joe Gunn now.
I'm impressed. He knows a lot.
overheard. He ain't any more a gun
Louis takes a hit off the pipe.
When did you get out of jail?
Two months shy of four years.
Louis takes a drink of whiskey.
Four years that's a long fuckin time.
Louis nods his head in agreement.
Ordell comes back, sitting down on the other side of
See, what did I tell you? Man in New
York wants a  millimeter Smith and
Wesson Model . Why does he want
it? It's the gun that nigga on "New
that nigga, I can sell it to this
That's what I been tellin' you. Start
up, and you tell me this ain't a
They have a bit of a staring contest before she gets up
I got me five M- machine guns.
These came straight from the Gulf
War. I sold me three of them so far,
Louis, this is it, man. I'm gonna
make me a million dollars out of
this. I already got me a half-a-
million sittin' in Mexico. When I do
this last delivery, I'm gonna make me
I get out. Spend the rest of my life
Melanie sits back down in he chair.
Ordell, drink in hand, picks up the receiver.
What the fuck you doin' in jail?
What the fuck you doin' that for?
Ain't you got better sense than to be
He listens to Beaumont on the other line - it's obvious
Beaumont's starting to freak out. Ordell changes his
- Beaumont. Beaumont. Listen to me.
Number one, you need to chill out,
nigga. Bad as this shit is, this shit
ain't as bad as you think it is.
scarin' the shit outta ya. That's
their job. And my job is to get you
the fuck home so let me tell you what
is gonna happen... May I speak?...
Thank you... You gonna spend the
night in jail; it's too late to get
you out now. Tomorrow, they gonna
take you into court. I'm gonna be
there. Judge gonna set your bail. I'm
gonna pay your bail, they gonna cut
you loose. By tomorrow night, you'll
So just calm your ass down, and I'll
You owe me a helluva lot more than
The store front window of Cherry Bail Bonds in Inglewood,
California. The name of the business is spelled out on
the window, which also includes a drawing of a fat red
Ordell's BLACK MERCEDES CONVERTIBLE pulls up.
Ordell in the driver's seat. Louis in shotgun position.
Inside Cherry Bail Bonds, looking out through the picture
window. We can read the name on the glass backwards.
Ordell and Louis appears in the window and enter the
building. Ordell carries a L.A. Lakers athletic bag.
An unidentified MALE VOICE, obviously on the telephone,
Ordell goes toward the voice and tells Louis to "hang
... the judge doesn't give a fuck
about that. He's ready to habitualize
you. Is that what you want - you
The voice belong to MAX CHERRY, bail bondsman. Max, a
regular-Joe-type white guy in his fifties, sits behind
his desk talking on the phone. His eyes raise as he sees
Just overnight is all. Tomorrow I'll
get you out, I promise. But it means
I gotta pick you up tonight.
Ordell motion to the chair in front of Max's desk. Max
motions for Ordell to take a seat.
Reggie, there ain't no two ways about
it. You're spending the night in
jail, but I already told you I'll get
you out tomorrow. Now where are you?
You're at your mother's house, aren't
Ordell lights up a cigarette. .
He notices a picture on the wall of Max with his arm
around a big, powerfully built black man. They're both
Louis pours himself some coffee from a coffeemaker into a
small, white styrofoam cup. He picks up a jar of powdered
non-dairy creamer that's so dry he has to break off a
rock. Louis adds the rock of coffeemate to his beverage.
Okay. Just stay put till I come for
Reggie, do yourself a really big
favor and be there when I get there.
Ordell sits in front of the desk, smiling at him and
Where would you like me to put my
Max looks at him for a moment.
Use that coffee cup on the desk.
Ordell picks up the coffee cup, which still has a little
bit of coffee in it, and flicks his ash.
And I need me a bond for ten
Max throws a look past Ordell to Louis.
Oh, that's just my white friend,
Louis. He's got nothing to do with my
We're on our way to a cocktail
From across the room, Louis nods his head in Max's
Max looks at him a moment, then back to Ordell.
Who's that big Mandingo nigga you
Max looks at him a moment and says;
He's a big one. You two tight?
It was our idea to take the picture,
Max looks at Ordell, getting his drift, then says;
So, you want a ten-thousand dollar
bond. What've you got for collateral?
Gonna have to put up cash.
Ordell picks up his Lakers bag and puts it in the empty
You have cash. What do you need me
C'mon, you know how they do. Black
man comes in with ten thousand, they
wanna fuck with 'em. First off, they
gonna wanna know where I got it.
Second, they gonna keep a big chunk
of it - start talkin' that court cost
shit. Fuck that shit, Jack. I'll go
Cost you a thousand for the bond.
Louis just stands, feeling uncomfortable, in the other
Fella named Beaumont. They have him
up at county. It started out drunk
driving, but they wrote it up
Dumb monkey-ass had a pistol on him.
They ran his name and got a hit. He's
from Kentucky, and I think they're
prejudiced against black men from the
He takes off and I gotta go to
Kentucky to bring him back, you pay
You think you could do that?
Max taking papers out of the drawer...
Beaumont. That's the only name I
Max looks at Ordell, but doesn't ask him the obvious
Max on hold, looks at Ordell.
Hello, this is Max Cherry. Cherry
Hi, Vicki. Look, Vicki, I need you to
look up the booking card and rough
arrest on a defendant named Beaumont.
That's all I have. I believe it's a
surname but I'm not sure. Thanks.
Louis enters the area, standing over Ordell.
I'm going to wait in the car.
You go wait in the car. Wait a
Ordell pulls out a heavy-duty keychain with a shitload of
Take the keys, man. Listen to music.
Which one is for the car?
Ordell finds it. While he goes through the keys, Vicki
Max speaks with her as he fills out his papers.
... but you gotta hit this thing to
shut the alarm off and unlock the
You ain't got to do nothing. Just
point at it and push the button.
You'll hear the car go "bleep." That
means the alarm's off and the doors
Now play the volume as loud as you
want but don't touch my levels. I got
them set just the way I want 'em.
Louis walks out of the office. He goes up to Ordell's
black Mercedes. He points the little black box at it. The
He gingerly approaches it, opens the door and climbs
On his prior, he served nine months,
and he's working on four years'
Do you know what he's on probation
Will they consider this a violation
They do consider this a violation of
his probation. Your boy's looking at
ten years, plus the concealed weapon.
Man, he won't like that. Beaumont
don't got a doin' time disposition.
I need your name and address.
Now I need you to count your money.
Ordell hands him the Lakers bag. Max takes the money out
Hope you don't mind me askin' where
you keepin' my money till I get it
Across the street a Great Western. It
goes in a trust account. You'll need
to fill out an Application for
Note. That's the one, if Beaumont
skips and I go after him, you pay the
(he takes a pen out of
Max pulls the forms from his desk, and lays them in front
of Ordell. Max goes back to counting the money. Ordell
reads the first agreement then says;
I was wondering. What if before the
court date gets here, Beaumont gets
hit by a bus or something and dies.
I get my money back, don't I?
Pressing a BLACK BUTTON next to the name, "BEAUMONT
BEAUMONT LIVINGSTON, wearing no shirt, sweatpants, and
smoking a fatty answers the intercom, which buzzes
loudly. We can hear JAY LENO interviewing a CELEBRITY on
Ordell stands outside the security gate of Beaumont's
EXTREME CLOSEUP - Ordell's lips talking into the intercom
It's your benefactor, nigga. Buzz me
EXTREME CLOSEUP - Beaumont's finger pressing the entry
EXTREME CLOSEUP - The doorknob on the security gate,
BUZZING. Ordell's hand comes into frame twisting it open.
Beaumont opens his apartment door, fatty between his
Ordell greets him, arms spread out in hug mode, with a
Look at you and your free ass. Come
over and give me a motherfuckin' hug.
What the fuck can I say? I'm serious,
man. What the fuck can I say? Thank
Who was there for your ass?
Laughing his hustler's laugh and bumping Beaumont's fist
You see,it works like this. You get
your ass in trouble, I get your ass
out. That's my job. And I don't mind
tellin ya, nigga, it's steady work.
I'm still scared as a motherfucker,
serious 'bout me doin' that machine
Naw, man. They just tryin' to put a
If that's what they want to do,
How old is that machine gun shit?
Three years. That crime's old, man.
They ain't got room in prison for all
people. How they gonna find room for
That's not what they're tellin' me.
That's why they call it "fuckin' with
ya." Now you wanna hear how we
Beaumont takes a hit off the fatty and nods his head.
Tomorrow I pick you up, take you to
Century City, meet my lawyer. Now let
me tell you a little bit about my
lawyer. His name is Stacin Goins and
this nigga is a junkyard dog! He's my
own private Johnie Cochran. In fact,
he'd kick Johnie Cochran's ass. And
fuckin' cops. I'm serious, this man
lives to fuck with the police. So as
a favor, I had him look at your case.
Stacin told me you aint got shit to
worry about. They just fuckin' wit
ya. So we sic the junkyard dog on
Hey, c'mon in, man. I was just - you
know - smokin' a fatty, watchin' TV.
Naw, man. I gotta be someplace. I was
kinda hopin you could come with me.
Look, I hate to be the kinda nigga,
does a nigga a favor - then BAM -
hits a nigga up for a favor in
return. But I'm afraid I gotta be
That requires me goin out tonight?
Aaaaawww man, I wasn't plannin' on
goin no place. It's twelve o'clock,
man. I'm home, I'm high -
Why the fuck you at home? Cause I
Look, I gotta problem. I need help,
Beaumont comes out of the apartment, sporting Nikes and a
Queen Latifah t-shirt. He locks his front door and walks
with Ordell to his car. They talk the whole way. We
STEDICAM in front of them the whole way.
Well, it ain't so much a problem a a
three M- machine guns outta the
I'm gonna sell the other two tonight.
This group of Koreans in Koreatown
kinda thing. And they want a few
know they mean business. So I'm gonna
sell 'em my two machine guns tonight.
Only problem, I aint never dealt with
these Koreans before. Now I aint
worried. Asians are by and large real
trouble. You might argue about price,
but you aint gotta worry about them
shootin' you in the back. But I got
me kind of a rule. Never do business
with nobody you ain't never done
That's why I need you, backup.
Man, I ain't ready to be goin' out
- Let me finish. Can I finish?
The trunk of a car is opened.
Ordell bends down into the trunk and pulls out a pump
action shotgun. Beaumont obviously doesn't want any part
of any Ordell game that requires a pump action shotgun as
Now you're gonn be in the trunk
holding onto the shotgun. And I'm
going to tell them I'm opening up my
trunk to show 'em my goods. I open up
the trunk, you pop up, rack that bad
Fuck that shit, man. I ain't shootin'
What the fuck I tell you. You don't
hafta shoot nobody. Just hold the
I ain't gittin' in that trunk.
We're only goin' to Koreatown. You'll
be in there - ten minutes.
Uh-uh. I ain't riding in that trunk
no minutes. Why don't I just ride
You can't ride with me. The surprise
effect is ninety percent of it.
Well, I'm sorry, man, but I ain't
I can't believe you do me this way.
I ain't doin' you no way. I just
ain't climbin' in that trunk. I got a
Well, my ass has got a problem
spending ten thousand dollars of my
own goddam money to get ungrateful,
peanut-head niggas outta jail, but I
Look, man, I know I owe you -
- Well, if you owe me, git your ass
- I wanna help you, but I don't wanna
be locked in the trunk of no car.
You think I wanted to spend ten
Answer the question, nigga. Do you
think I wanted to spend the thousand
dollars on your ass? Yes or no?
But the only way to help you was to
do that, so I did it.  Okay,
how 'bout this? After we're through
fuckin' with these Koreans, I take
you to Roscoe's Chicken and Waffles.
Just think, man. That Scoe's special,
smothered in gravy and onions. Get a
side of red beans and rice.
Beaumont and Ordell laugh together... the Beaumont says;
Now exactly how long I gotta be in
Beaumont in the trunk, holding the shotgun. The trunk lid
Ordell walks around the car, climbs into the plush
interior of the Olds and turns on the engine. It comes to
life with a SOFT RUMBLE. He puts a tape in the player
The tape is labeled "ORDELL'S JAMS."
Cool, old-school R&B fills the cab.
Ordell cruises, moving his head to the rhythm and
He drives for awhile, just groovin' on the music...
Ordell switches the engine and the music off. The cab
He leans over the passenger seat, opening the glovebox. A
tiny light turns on when the glovebox is opened. It's the
only light in the cab. Ordell leaves it on.
In silence he takes one glove out and puts it on his
right hand. Then with his gloved hand, reaches in the
glovebox and pulls out a five-shot . snubby. He closes
The Olds is parked out in the middle of some urban
Ordell gets out, sticks the snubby in his pants, and
walks to the back of the Olds. He sticks his key in the
The trunk opens. Beaumont is hunched on his side with the
I was wondering. Did any federal
people come visit you in jail and I
You wouldn't tell me if they did and
Ordell takes the snubby out of his pants.
Beaumont quick-racks the pump shotgun, pulls the trigger,
and hears the click you hear from an empty weapon. He
racks it again, CLICK then BAM. Beaumont is shot hard in
the chest. He goes back into he trunk.
Ordell puts one more shot in his head, BAM, tosses the
weapon on top of the dead body and closes the trunk.
Ordell's Beaumont problem is solved. He climbs back into
the cab, turns on the engine. We hear the old-school R&B
song come back on, but VERY LOW.
Louis sits on a bed in a flophouse motel room, flipping
from one channel to another with a remote control,
The phone rings. He answers it.
Ordell is sitting parked in the comfy-cozy cab of the
Olds, listening to soul music with his tiny cellular
Nothin' really. Just kinda goin' back
and forth. They had some black girl
from some black show on Jay Leno. I
watched that for a bit, but I kept
flippin channels cause I didn't know
I know you don't know. I said guess.
I'm talkin' to you from the comfy-
cozy interior of an Oldsmobile parked
Naw, man. I just told you, I'm
comfortable. I ain't about to walk
into that roach motel and get
uncomfortable. You bring your ass out
Then put your goddam drawers on, and
get your ass out here. I got
Louis, having just thrown on some pants, walks outside
his room and sees Ordell's big, black Oldsmobile parked
As he approaches, the power window on the driver's side
comes down, revealing a comfortable Ordell sitting back
in his seat looking up at Louis.
You know what your problem is, Louis?
Louis doesn't say anything, he just puts his hands in his
You think you're a good guy. When you
go into a deal you don't go in
all the way. You go in looking for a
way out. And it ain't cause you're
scared neither. It's cause you think
you're a good guy, and you think
there's certain things a good guy
different, me and you. Cause me, once
I decide I want something, aint a
me from gittin' it. I gotta use a gun
get what I want, I'm gonna use a gun.
Nigga gets in my way, nigga gonna get
Trunk opens showing Beaumont shot in the chest with half
Louis looks inside, see Beaumont, looks at Ordell, then
An employee I had to let go.
He put himself in a situation where
he was gonna have to do ten years in
the penetentiary, that's what he did.
And if you know Beaumont, you know
there aint no way in hell he can do
no ten years. And if you know that,
you know Beaumont's gonna go any
goddam thing Beaumont can to keep
from doin' those ten years including
everything they want to know about my
ass. Now that, my friend, is a clear
case of him or me. And you best
believe it aint gonna be me. You know
what I'm sayin'? You gonna come in on
this with me, you gotta be prepared
to go all the way. I got me so far
in lockboxes in a bank in Cabo San
Lucas. Me and Mr. Walker make us one
more delivery, I'm gonna have me over
a million. You think I'm gonna let
this little cheese eatin' nigga here
fuck that up? Shit, you better think
again. 'Fore I let this deal get
fucked up, I'll shoot that nigga in
the head, and ten niggas look just
So we on the same page then?
Ordell smiles (not his hustler smile, but a genuine
The sound of airplanes landing and taking off can be
We look down a row of cars in an enclosed parking garage
at LAX. Jackie Brown, the Cabo Air stewardess from the
opening credits, walks into frame. We dolly behind her as
she walks down the row of cars.
Young plainclothes cop, MARK DARGUS, walks up to her,
L.A.P.D. can I ask what you have in
The usual things. I'm a flight
Young plainclothes cop RAY NICOLET, enters the scene.
Can I be of some assistance?
As Jackie pulls the cigarettes  from her
This is Special Agent Ray Nicolet
Would you mind if we looked in that
Jackie lights her cigarette with a yellow Bic lighter.
Would I mind? Do I have a choice?
You have the right to say "no." And I
have the right to make you wait here
with Ray while I go get a warrant.
And if I don't want to go through all
that trouble, I could just take you
All he wants to do is peek in your
bag. I'll watch he doesn't take
Dargus lays the flight bag on the pavement, gets down on
his haunches, and starts feeling through her things.
A soiled blouse, uniform skirt, - then a manila envelope,
Jackie watches him straighten the clasp...
Opens it. Out drops several packets of one hundred dollar
I'd say there's about, oh, fifty
thousand dollars here. What would you
Not saying anything at the moment.
If I were to tell you "no it
You should know if you bring in
anything over ten thousand you have
to declare it. You forgot or what?
You could get a two hundred and fifty
thousand dollar fine, plus two years
in prison. Now you want to talk to us
about it, or you want to talk to
Listen, Jackie, Hope you don't mind
if I call you Jackie. They're a bunch
Something about that job makes them
kinda hard to get along with. Now, do
you want to talk with a bunch of
them, or a couple good-hearted guys
Sitting in a chair facing the two offscreen detectives.
Jackie lights up a cigarette. We don't leave the CLOSEUP
Hey, this is my office. There's no
We could, smart ass... or we could
work out what's known as a
That is if you're willing to
cooperate. Tell us who gave you the
money and who you're giving it to.
Jackie doesn't sat anything... she just smokes.
Can she afford a good one is the
Sybill Brand three weeks easy before
the Public Defender gets around to
Ever heard of a fella named Beaumont
'cause Beaumont knows you. Well he
did know you, Beaumont was found in
the trunk of a car - dead. Shot
twice. Once in the head and once in
Jackie, she puts the "ool" in "cool."
I had the chance to talk to Beaumont
Beaumont found himself in some hot
water. He was looking at ten years he
was pretty sure he didn't want to do
maybe you don't know Beaumont, but
Beaumont knew you, and maybe so does
the guy who blew Beaumont's head off.
If you don't want to talk to us, I
guess we'll just have to hand you
We cut to the detective and the special agent for the
basically three types of people that
we come along in the performance of
our duty. One is, INNOCENT PEOPLE.
bystanders... You ain't any of these.
lives to a life outside the law. That
ain't you either. Where you belong is
the third category. The category we
Jackie's eyes don't even narrow at the insult. She just
Oh, you're both? In  you were
flying for TWA and got busted for
them for a pilot husband of yours. He
did time and you got off. But that
ended your career with the big
age. You're flying for the shittiest
Mexican airline that there is. Where
dollars a year. That ain't a hulluva
lot to show for a twenty year career.
And to top it off, you're going to
jail. Now true, the judge, even with
your prior, will probably only give
you a year or two. But this doesn't
seem like the time of life you got
Now, we don't like trying losers like
they're criminals. But in the absence
of a criminal, we will try you. Now,
wasn't this money given to you by an
American living in Mexico by the name
Jackie remains unmoved by this monologue.
You know, ol' Beaumont wasn't much
for talkin', either. Yeah, he told us
about you and Mr. Walker, but whoever
the hell it was he worked for out
here, he wouldn't say. Could it be
the same person you were supposed to
Jackie just stares at them, saying nothing.
Dargus sits behind his desk, with Jackie's flight bag on
I'd like your permission to open this
again. So we'll know exactly how much
Jackie gets up from her chair, walks over to the desk,
unzips the bag, takes out the manila envelope and drops
While you're at it, let me see what
else is in there. You mind?
She reaches in the bag and brings out a pocketbook.
Dargus points at a clear plastic bag with pills and
Nicolet takes out the bills from the envelope.
Let's see what else is in there.
Nicolet takes the bills and looks inside the envelope.
His expression changes to a shit-eating grin.
Nicolet pulls out a clear cellophane sandwich bag with a
half-inch or so of white powder inside.
And what would this be, Sweet and
What the fuck is that shit?
I know what it looks like.
You planted that shit on me.
Nicolet and Dargus laugh at that.
It isn't enough for Trafficking, but
how 'bout Posession with the Intent
Oh, I wouldn't be so sure. What with
all the cash, I think I could go with
I'm tellin' you, I don't know nothin'
Well then, Miss Brown. Why don't you
have a seat and tell us who might
Jackie just looks at the two grinning Cheshire cats as
the balance of power rolls over on her.
A Los Angeles County Jail bus pulls up behind the
Jackie, now wearing County Jail blues, sits next to
another BLACK WOMAN. Their hands cuffed together.
The bus stops. A rough-looking FEMALE COUNTY SHERIFF
unlocks the gate that encloses the prisoners. Then
how they're going to leave the bus.
MANY WOMEN, including Jackie, all wearing county blues
and handcuffed to each other, exit the bus.
The SHERIFFS lead them into the back entrance to the
Dargus and Nicolet confer with the PUBLIC DEFENDER, an
attractive blonde woman in a nice business suit.
If she'll cooperate with us, we'll
plain ol' Possession, and she can
bond outta here for one thousand
bucks. If she doesn't help us, we'll
go for the Intent and request a
Jackie and the Public Defender. Jackie, in her county
blues; Public Defender in her nice suit.
You tell those guys they'll have to
do one helluva lot better than that
before I'll even say 'hi' to them.
Well, that's the State's offer. If
you plead to possession and tell
L.A.P.D. what they want to know, your
bond will be set at one-thousand
dollars. If you don't, L.A.P.D. will
request one at twenty- five thousand
based on your prior record and risk
of flight. If you don't post it or
don't know anyone who can, you'll
spend six to eight weeks in County
With the prior? You could get
anywhere from a year to five
depending on the judge. You want to
think about it? You got two minutes
It's a full schedule in court today. Jackie sits with a
bunch of other females wearing county blues in the
defendant's area (where the jury sits during a jury
Dargus and Nicolet sit in the courtroom.
The JUDGE reads the next case.
Jackie rises amongst the other defendants.
The charge is possession of Narcotics
with the Intent to Distribute. How
She wishes to stand mute, your honor.
... Detective Dargus - You're the
You have a recommendation for bail?
Yes, I do, your honor. Based on the
extreme possibility of flight due to
her occupation, the State requests a
bond of no less than twenty-five
The Judge looks at the report, then at Jackie...
I'll set bond at ten thousand and set
the date of August th for the
That's six weeks from now, Miss
Dargus sits down next to Nicolet. They smile and giggle
Jackie sees them giggle like fifth graders. It fucking
We go from a CLOSEUP of a boiling Jackie, to a
perspective from the back of the courtroom.
We see Jackie in the defendant's area.
We see the two happy detectives walk past us on their way
Sits in the back, watching the proceedings without any
expression. When he's seen enough, he stands up and out
of the shot leaving an EMPTY FRAME.
The bathroom door in Max's office. We hear a toilet flush
behind it. The door opens, and Max Cherry emerges,
zipping up his pants with a TV guide in his hand.
He looks up and stops dead.
Ordell sitting oh-so comfortably in the chair in front of
Unh... unh... unh... I din't hear you
Max looks at Ordell, then takes his place behind his
The door was opened, so I just came
I got some more business for ya.
Oh, yeah? What did he do?
She is an airline stewardess. Got
caught coming back from Mexico with
some blow. They set her bond this
afternoon at ten thousand. Now, what
I was thinkin', you could use the ten
thousand you owe me from Beaumont and
move it over on to the stewardess.
The bond for possession is only a
They fuckin' wit' her. They callin'
it Possession with Intent. A black
woman in her forties gets busted with
less than two ounces on her, they
call that shit Intent. Same shit
happened to a movie star. It's
She had, I believe it was... fifty
grand on her, too. There was a cop at
the hearing. Young guy with L.A.P.D.
wanted her bond set at twenty-five
thousand, saying there was a risk of
flight. Jackie being a stewardess and
stewardess, let's get Beaumont out of
Sitting back in the chair - almost grinning - but not
Beaumont's brains out - hey, that
rhymes - blew Beaumont's brains out.
did. They see I put up a big money
bond on my boy, they start thinking
fire logic. They roust my ass outta
bed, ten o'clock in the morning.
Fuckin' scare my woman, Sherona, half
to death. She thought they were gonna
take my ass away for sure.
The stewardess. Do you know her last
What does she do for you?
Who says she does anything for me?
She's my friend. When my friends get
into trouble, I like to help 'em out.
That's what the police thought. I
told them I'm unemployed, how could I
have anybody work for me? Now I bail
out Jackie, I'm liable to have the
police on me again, huh? Wanting to
know was she doing things for me, was
Is this, me and you, like a lawyer-
You're not my client until you get
busted and I bond you out.
If there's no - what do you call it -
Cause you want me to know what a
slick guy you are. You got
Why would a stewardess bring me fifty
You want me to speculate on what you
do. I'd say you're in the drug
you're into, you seem to be getting
away with it, so more power to you.
Okay you want another bond, and you
want to move over the ten thousand
you put down on Beaumont to the
have to get a death certificate,
present it to the court, fill out a
- Jackie aint got time for all that
- I'm telling you what I have to do.
What you have to do, in case you
forgot, is come up with premium of a
I got it. I just don't got it on me.
Well, come back when you do, and I'll
Man, you know I'm good for it.
If I don't see it in front of me,
Man, you need to look at this with a
criminal. She ain't used to this
don't give a fuck - but for the
Ordell, this isn't a bar, an you
Just listen for a second. We got a
Falsely accused? She didn't come back
from Mexico with cocaine on her?
Falsely accused of Intent. If she had
that shit - and mind you, I said "if"
- it was just her shit to get high
Is white guilt supposed to make me
Ordell gives up and takes an envelope out of his pocket.
Okay, man. I got your money. But
don't you ever ask me for no fuckin'
It's early evening; and Max's powder-blue Seville is
driving to the County Jail with a client, a young
Hispanic woman of twenty named ANITA.
Tomorrow I'll talk to your probation
officer. Karen's a good kid, but
she's mad at you, because you lied to
I went. I did. I took my mother and
But you didn't ask permission. You
broke a trust. If you had asked,
Karen probably would have let you.
I know. That's why I went.
But then you told her you were home.
Sure, 'cause I didn't ask her if I
I don't know. Maybe it's a language
Anita, you ever cause this much
easily be avoided, I'll never write
I mean it. I don't care how many
times your mother calls or how much
Then say "Yes, Max. I understand."
Max and Anita, side by side. Anita's hands are cuffed
Dropping off and picking up. Dropping
of Lopez, Anita. Picking up Brown,
We're at the admitting desk of the L.A. County Jail. Max
undoes Anita's handcuffs, while a SHERIFF waits to take
So you're gonna call Karen tomorrow?
She kisses Max on the cheek and the Sheriff takes her
Max puts the cuffs away, sits on a bench, takes out a Len
Deighton paperback and begins to read.
Still reading his novel. We hear offscreen, a SHERIFF'S
Max puts his book down and see -
Jackie being led into the Admitting Area by TWO SHERIFFS.
She's wearing her stewardess uniform and carrying a small
envelope with her belongings in it and her shoes. When
Max was imagining a woman in her forties, he had someone
with a bit of wear and tear on them in mind. But this
As he watches her, she steps out of the County Jail
slippers she was wearing and slips into her shoes.
He approaches, handing her his card.
Miss Brown... I'm Max Cherry. I'm
She takes the card and shakes his hand saying nothing.
I can give you a lift home if you'd
Max puts his key in the ignition, when Jackie asks;
Are you really a bail bondsman?
Who do you think I am?
I gave you my card there.
Max digs the case out of his pocket, hands it to her,
then reaches up and turns on the light above them for her
Who put up my bond? Ordell?
Max rolls down his window at the front gate. A DEPUTY
comes out of the gatehouse and hands through the window
Max's . revolver, cylinder opened. Max hands the Deputy
his pass in exchange for the gun, says "thanks", then
puts the . in his glovebox in front of Jackie. He
Sure, ever been to the Riverbottom?
It's okay. It's a cop hangout.
Couldn't we just stop at a seven-
I thought you might want a drink?
I'd love one, but not there.
We could stop at the Hilton by the
It's kind of a sports bar
Why does it need to be dark?
'Cause I look like I just got outta
jail, that's why. You droppin' me off
at home, right? There's a place by
A big neon sign of a cockatoo sits on op of a red brick
CLOSEUP - A KNOB is pulled out.
Jackie picks up a pack of Mild Seven's cigarettes from
the bottom of a cigarette machine. She crosses the bar to
join Max, sitting at a small table waiting for her to
The Cockatoo Inn is just what Jackie was looking for. A
dark and red cocktail lounge in Hawthorne off of
Hawthorne Boulevard by the apartment where the stewardess
The clientele of the Cockatoo is an older, black crowd
and an even older white crowd who'd been coming here
years before it became a black bar.
A JUKEBOX plays soft, old-school R&B.
Jackie and Max sit side by side at a small table, lit by
a bar candle in a red glass thing.
Max drinks Bushmills over crushed ice. Jackie drinks
white wine. Jackie opens her Mild Sevens, offering one to
No thanks, I quit three years ago.
Ten pounds. I lose it and put it back
That's why I don't quit. If I can't
fly anymore, I'm gonna have a bitch
of a time gettin' my brand.
Davidoffs. I get 'em in Mexico.
They're hard to find here. I was
locked up with the last two getting
legal advice from a woman who was in
for bustin' her boyfriend's head open
She was more helpful than the fuckin'
I don't know - I guess what I need is
a lawyer, find out what my options
You know, I figured out the other day
thousand bonds since I've been in the
percent of them were at least drug
related. If you want, I can help you
Jackie takes the talk in a different direction.
I am, as a matter of fact.
A moment of silence between them, they both take drinks.
So far I've been told I can cooperate
and get probation, maybe. Or, I can
stand mute and get as much as five
I'd say if you're tried and found
guilty you won't get more than a year
and a day. That's State time. Prison.
But they won't want to take you to
Possession, a few months of County
time, and a year or two probation.
Max gestures to an older black cocktail waitress named
You know who put the dope in your
Yeah, but that's not what this was
about. They were fuckin waitin' for
my ass. They knew I had that money,
they even knew the amount. The one
who searched my bag, from L.A.P.D.,
Dargus, hardly even looked at it.
"Oh, I'd say there's fifty thousand
here. What would you say?" But all
they could do was threaten me and
hand me over to Customs, and I could
tell they didn't want to do that.
They wanted you to tell them what you
I had 'em too. I burnt those two
Then their asses lucked out and found
What did they want to know?
Who gave me the money and who I was
giving it to. And some guy they found
in a trunk with his head blown off.
Said it was him who told them 'bout
The Waitress comes with the drinks.
Can I get you two some popcorn?
That's him. How do you know 'em?
I wrote him on Monday. They found him
The federal agent kinda half hinted
You mentioned a guy from L.A.P.D.,
but you didn't mention the Federal.
He's the one who wants you.
It was the other guy who busted me.
'Cause if he busted you, you'd play
hell bonding out of federal court. He
doesn't want you mad at him, he wants
you to tell him what you know. He
uses you to get a line on Ordell,
make a case, then take him federal.
I have a pretty good idea. Ordell
aint no bootlegger and I doubt he's
smugglin' Cuban cigars. So that only
leaves one thing an A.T.F. man would
Jackie waits a moment before answering, weighs things in
her mind and makes a decision.
I used to bring over ten thousand at
a time. That's the legal limit, so I
How many trips did you make?
It's all in lock boxes in a Mexico
bank. But he's got a problem. He's -
what do you call it when you got
That's it. He's cash poor. He kept on
me till I finally said okay. I'll
bring whatever fits in a nine-by-
twelve envelope. I got paid five
hundred dollars, and his friend, Mr.
Walker, in Mexico gave me the
If you knew bringing anything over
ten thousand was against the law, why
Whatever it was had to fit in my bag
and not hit you in the face if the
bag was opened. This ain't solvin' my
problem. I gotta figure out a way to
either keep my job or get out of
trouble. I'm of today, but if I can't
leave the country I'm out of a job.
And if I don't got a job, I can't
Ask A.T.F. They might give you
Well, Jackie, you got caught, you're
gonna have to give 'em something.
But if all I can give 'em is Ordell's
name - I don't really know shit about
what he does or how he does it - That
don't give me much to bargain with.
Give 'em what you got. Offer to help.
Show a willingness to be helpful. You
want to stay out of jail, don't you?
Max looks at Jackie thinking about something.
I think maybe I have more options
Sitting in his black Mercedes, parked across the street
from Jackie's apartment building in Hawthorne. Johnny
Cash is playing inside his car.
Through the windshield, he sees Max's powder-blue
Cadillac Seville pull up to Jackie's apartment. She gets
out, ten bends down and talks to him through the window
of the passenger side door. Then makes a goobye gesture
and turns, walking into her apartment complex. Max drives
While Johnny Cash continues crooning, Ordell puts on his
gloves. Then opens up his glovebox, taking out a little
Targa . pistol. He steps out of the car, slipping the
pistol into his coat pocket. We STEDICAM in front of him
as he walks across the street to Jackie's apartment. Once
inside the complex, Ordell passes us and WE FOLLOW BEHIND
HIM, up to Jackie's ground-floor apartment door.
He gives it a soft knock with one knuckle. He waits a
moment, then Jackie opens the door.
I was expecting you. Come in.
Jackie holds the door open for him.
Ordell steps inside. He moves over by a halogen lamp in
Jackie still standing by the door. She doesn't look
I got some vodka in the freezer.
Ordell turns the halogen lamp to dim.
Well, then, why don't you be a good
hostess and make me a screwdriver?
Jackie moves into the kitchen area. Ordell follows her,
hanging in the doorway, while she makes the drink. Jackie
Taking a glass from the cupboard.
Who you think got your ass outta
Opening the freezer and filling a glass with ice cubes
The same guy who put me in, thanks a
Hey, you get caught with blow, that's
Opens refrigerator, light cuts into the kitchen. She
takes out orange juice, then closes the door.
Ordell has to stop and think.
Oh, shit. I bet it was that present
Yaaaah, he's the one musta put it in
there if you didn't. Oh, man, that
shit's uncalled for, baby, and I
apologize. I 'magine they asked you a
shitload of questions about it, huh?
All that money, want to know where
Jackie doesn't answer. She just walks up to Ordell
handing him his yellow drink in the darkness. Ordell
takes it, continues to look at Jackie.
I'magine they asked who you givin' it
I said I wanted to talk to a lawyer.
You positive about that? You weren't
nervous and let something slip by
mistake? If you did, I ain't mad, I
Then she walks past him back to the living room. She goes
over to the halogen lamp, turning the light up brighter,
then moves by the door, still standing and looking at
And they asked if I knew Mr. Walker.
Ordell by the halogen lamp. He turns it back to dim.
Jackie slowly shakes her head "no."
Ordell directly in front of Jackie, he gently places his
Well, that's mighty honorable of you.
Ordell's gloved fingertips move up her collarbone to her
throat, gently touching her skin. Jackie locks eyes with
his, but still shows no fear.
This fella Beaumont, they say what
At this moment the film becomes a:
On the RIGHT-HAND SIDE is Ordell with his hands barely
touching Jackie's throat. On the LEFT-HAND SIDE is Max
Max drives home, an almost moony romantic look no his
face. He can't stop thinking about Jackie. During the
night she'd have a gleam in her eyes, the look saying;
"WE COULD HAVE FUN". Unless she was appraising kinda him
with the look, making a judgment and what it said was; "I
COULD USE YOU". Either way it was a turn-on.
Max pulls into the driveway of his small house in
Yeah, somebody musta been real mad at
Beaumont. Or  they were afraid of
what he might say to keep from doin
they asked you a whole shitload of
questions. And you didn't give 'em no
Jackie shakes her head from side to side.
Ordell moves his thumbs from her collarbone to the middle
Jackie shakes her head from side to side without her eyes
leaving his. Reaches over the seat
You got a reason to be nervous with
With his hands on Jackie's throat, staring into the
woman's eyes, from BELOW FRAME then feels something hard
the fuck against his crotch. Neither break eye contact.
Max takes his keys, then to the glove box...
Is that what I think it is?
What do you think it is?
I think it's a gun pressing against
You thought right... Now take your
hands from around my throat, nigga.
Ordell flashes his hustler's smile and lets go.
Jackie turns Ordell around, gun firmly in his back, and
Shut your ass up and grab the wall!
Jackie has Ordell against the wall and is frisking him
the way a cop would. She finds the . pistol in his
Now, baby, that's got nothin' to do
with you. I just carry that. You been
listenin' to them cops too much.
The cops didn't try and strangle my
Damn, Jackie, I was just playin' with
Well, I ain't playin with you. I'm
motherfuckers, you don't do what I
tell you. Understand what I'm saying?
Baby, I ain't come here -
She shoves both guns in Ordell's back.
I said, you understand what I'm
Go sit over in that chair.
Ordell moves over to a chair across from the couch.
I'm tellin' you, those cops been
fuckin' wit your mind. They turn
black against black, that's how they
Shut your raggedy ass up and sit
Put both hands behind our head.
Jackie turns the halogen lamp to light.
I gotta tell you to shut up one more
time, I'm gonna shut you up.
Jackie sits down on the couch, holding a gun in each
hand, both pointed dead at Ordell.
A coffee table lays between them.
Ordell, hands behind his head, continues to mumble...
I just came here to talk.
Way I see it, me and you only got one
thing to talk about. What you willing
Ordell looks at her a moment and says;
Well, I can get you a good lawyer -
Let's get realistic, baby. Sooner or
later they're gonna get around to
offering me a plea deal, and you know
that. That's why you came here to
- It's okay. I forgive you. Now,
let's say if I tell on you, I walk.
And if I don't, I go to jail.
One hundred thousand put in an escrow
account in my name, if I'm convicted
up to a year, or put on probation. If
I have to do more than a year, you
Ordell just takes in what the woman said.
Ordell has to smile at the woman.
I been thinkin about that, too, and I
Ordell goes through FRAME, out the door, Jackie steps
into FRAME, and talks with him.
I'll talk to the cops tomorrow and
Jackie shuts the door, and leaves FRAME.
We hear a knock-knock on the door.
Except it's day. Jackie in a bathrobe steps into FRAME
and opens the door. She says to the yet-unseen-by-camera
You want your gun, don't you? Come
She leaves FRAME, and Max enters it, closing the door
behind him. Max stands by the door, a little surprised
and a touch pissed at the nonchalantness.
As he stands on the threshold to her living room, waiting
for her to return with the gun, feeling foolish, he
thinks about hauling her ass back to the stockade.
That'll change her expression, he'd bet.
She returns from the bedroom, gun in hand, wearing a sort
Max, I'm sorry. I was afraid if I
asked to borrow it you'd say no.
You'd have to. Would you like some
Then, as quickly as the anger rose in Max, it dissipates
Jackie head to the kitchen, making the coffee. Max sits
at the dining table off of the kitchen.
You get a chance to use it?
I felt a lot safer having it. My milk
went bad when I was in jail.
She puts a finger in the coffeemaker and starts scooping
You want to hang on to it awhile? It
wouldn't be legal, but if it makes -
Jackie goes to the sink, filling the coffee pot.
Thanks, but I have my own now.
You went out this morning and bought
You went out this morning and bought
Pouring water into the coffee machine.
Let's just say I got one, okay?
Max's eyes follow her to the living room.
Jackie ends her knees and goes through a stack of records
leaned up against the wall on the floor.
I couldn't wait till I got home last
She finds a record, takes it out of the pile, removes the
album from the sleeve, and places it on her stereo
You never got into the whole CD
I got a few. But I can't afford to
start all over again. I got too much
time and money invested in my
The song starts; it's an old romantic soul music number
Yeah, but you can't get new stuff on
Jackie picks up her cigarettes off the coffee table.
I don't buy new stuff that often.
Jackie enters the kitchen door frame by Max. She lights a
Max listens to the soul song.
I called in sick this morning. As far
as the airline knows, I'm still
I don't know yet. 'm going to talk
with Dargus and Nicolet today. Do
what you suggested. Offer to help and
What I meant was have a lawyer do the
I want to talk to them first. I know
Well, if the A.T.F. guy is the one
who wants you, that'll only interest
It's a lot of money. About a half-a-
million dollars. All of it in Cabo in
safe deposit boxes and more comin in.
Jackie goes back in the kitchen. Coffee's almost there,
but not quite. She pulls down two mugs from a cabinet.
He had his doubts at first. But he's
always trusted me an wants more than
anything to believe he still can.
He needs me. Without me all that
money is just gonna sit over there in
No thanks. There's gotta be other
Maybe, but 'm the only one he's ever
used. He can't trust his other
people. They're crooks. He can try
bringing I in himself, but Ordell
sure don't want to go through no
continues to trust me. I made him
Jackie walks to the table with the two coffee mugs and
How do you get it out?
Same way I been don', but first they
got to let me go back to work.
You're gonna offer to set him up?
If I get let off. Otherwise, fuck
I ain't goin' to jail, and I ain't
Jackie takes a drink of coffee.
How do you feel about getting old?
You're not old. You look great.
I'm asking how you feel. Does it
It's not really something I think
Okay, I'm a little sensitive about my
hair. It started falling out ten
years ago. So I did something about
I'm fine with it, or I wouldn't of
done it, I did it to feel better
about myself, and I do. When I look
in the mirror it looks like me.
You know, I can't really feel too
sorry for you in that department.
In fact, I'd make a bet that except
possibly for an Afro - you look
exactly the same as you did at twenty
I just feel like I'm always starting
over. You said how many bonds you
Well, I've flown seven million miles.
And I've been waitin' on people
almost twenty years. The best job I
could get after my bust was Cabo Air,
which is about the worst job you can
get in this industry. I make about
benefits , ain't worth a damn. And
now with this arrest hanging over my
head, I'm scared. If I lose my job I
gotta start all over again, but I got
nothin to start over with. I'll be
stuck with whatever I can get. And
that scares me more than Ordell.
A.T.F. man, Ray Nicolet, moves down the hallway of the
big building... ten heads for the office of Mark Dargus.
He reaches the closed door... raps on it.
Nicolet opens the door, revealing Dargus and Jackie Brown
Dargus stands up and says to Jackie;
Let me have a word outside with Agent
The two detectives step outside and close the door on
Jackie as she pulls out her cigarettes.
She wants to make a deal.
She wants to go back to work.
What's she willing to give us?
She hasn't one into specifics yet,
She ain't said it, but she's not
stupid, she knows it's you who wants
Inside Dargus' office, smoking a Mild Seven.
Dargus and Nicolet come back inside.
Thanks for waiting, Jackie. Now tell
me, what can we do for you?
I need permission to leave the
country so I keep my job.
I need it tomorrow. If I don't show
up for work tomorrow, I'm fired.
If I'm working, I can help you.
Oh, so now you know him?
You never asked me if I did or not.
But now you're telling us now you do.
'Course I do - I deliver money for
No shit. You know how he makes hi
You ever see him sell guns?
Then how do you know he sells guns?
He told me. Besides, why else would
an A.T.F. man be after him?
Short of wearing a wire, I'll do
everything I can to help you throw
his ass in jail. And in exchange for
my help, I need permission to leave
You don't want much, do you?
Can you do it or not?
The two cops look at each other.
Helmut Berger slaps a woman in the face with a newspaper,
proclaiming he's the "mad dog." The film is an Italian
Melanie sits in a comfy chair long-ways, bare legs
hanging over the arm. As she watches the TV, she picks up
a big bong with it's own handle. He takes a hit.
Melanie's dressed in her usual Melanie-uniform of shorts
The front door opens, and Ordell and Louis walk through
We notice that Louis is sportin' new duds. Louis' new
"look" is a retro seventies-style bowling shirt and black
Hey, hey, hey. I think somebody's got
We been shoppin'. Can't have my boy
running around lookin' like a bum on
I didn't look like a bum.
But you did have a Salvation Army-
Ordell notices the bong in her hand and the smoke in the
Louis sits on the couch. He smiles at the comeback.
Ha-ha-ha. I'm serious, you smoke too
much of that shit. That shit robs you
Not if your ambition is to get high
You two a coupla Cheech and Chongs,
Oh, that's okay, I'll get it.
No, Jackie, I didn't get your message.
Ordell gives her a "silence" gesture and look.
Melanie trades a look with Louis like "I'm in trouble,"
all the while smiling like a shark.
Melanie holds up the bong, offering him a hit.
No, not on the phone, let's meet
somewhere. But you gotta make sure
Louis has the bong in front of him.
Melanie stays in her chair long-ways.
Jackie sits at the bar talking on their phone. We see
It's right on Hawthorne Boulevard and
Oh, wait, you mean that place that
has the big sign with a rooster on
Louis exhales his smoke, does an older man cough.
Yeah, I'm just gettin' old. I can't
smoke or laugh now it seems without
When you cough, you're getting air -
in this case smoke - to parts of the
lung that don't normally get used.
Coughing's good - gets ya higher. My
dad coughs when he smokes all the
Hey, Louis, I have to go out awhile.
So since you like gettin' high so
much, why don't you stay here with
Ordell takes the remote control and turns the station
till he finds a channel with cartoons.
So you just watch this for the next
three hours, and I'll be back. Then,
when I'm through with all my
business, I'll get high. I get high
at night. Walk me to the door, space
Melanie climbs out of the chair and walks Ordell to the
Ordell says to her in the doorway;
Hope you don't mind keeping him
Try not to rip his clothes off 'em
Melanie gives him a sarcastic, "Oh, you're so funny"
Ordell kisses her quick on the mouth, then says past her;
I'll be back in an hour, man. Just
Ordell leaves and Melanie closes the door. She turns
It's like this major meal in a shake
you drink instead of having a big
No, it's what body builders drink to
She goes into the kitchen and starts making her Metrix
He looks around and spots something interesting.
In a clear, plastic frame. Melanie, circa , at about
sixteen wearing roller-disco skates. Melanie, in a green
setting, about five years ago, wearing a pretty Oriental-
style dress, with a "smile for the camera" look on her
face. The photo was obviously a picture of Melanie with
somebody else that's been cut in half. Somebody's
disembodied arm still rests on her shoulder.
Louis picks up the photo frame.
She looks and sees what he's talking about.
I was pretty much the same height now
Noooo, I was a surfer girl. Besides,
I was only fourteen. I couldn't go to
The beach. Or get high, drop acid at
a friend's place. I was a K.L.O.S.
She hits Whip on her blender. It makes an infernal noise
Carrying the blender full of Metrix, she walks over and
That was taken at a place called
"Flippers." It was in Hollywood. Were
We had done time together already.
Did you ever go I one?
I went to a few just to meet women.
But I don't like to dance, and it's
so fuckin; loud. During that whole
scene I just drank in bars.
That's a picture of me in Japan.
I lived there for about nine months.
That's the guy I lived with... his
Must of made quite an impression.
I never got to know him, really. I
English was terrible. But I couldn't
say anything, because his English was
Not really. We didn't have much to
say to each other anyway. I never got
to know him that well, but I knew
enough to know I wasn't missing much.
I keep that, because of all the
fuckin' time I was there, that's the
only picture I got of me in Japan.
Lies on the couch on his back and Melanie sits on top of
him. They're going at it like a couple of fuck monkeys.
Almost on the fade up, Louis cums.
She hops off and OUT OF FRAME.
Yeah, that really hit the spot.
Now that's over, let's get to know
CLOSEUP a rack of CDs all beginning with "D" are flipped
through, till it stops on one CD, "The Best of the
Max is standing in he soul music section o a music store.
He lifts out the CD and turns it over.
It has the song Jackie played this morning.
He smiles and takes the CD up to the register.
CLOSEUP the COCKATOO INN neon sign, unlit during the day.
Ordell walks into the dark red cocktail lounge in the
middle of the day and sees Jackie sitting at the bar
drinking a white wine. Old-school soul plays on the
jukebox. He sits next to her.
I gotta remember this place. This is
all right. Two minutes from your
crib, ten minutes from your work. Not
A black bartender named FLOYD approaches Ordell.
I bet you come here on a Saturday
night, you need nigga repellent keep
You a fine lookin' woman, Jackie. I
bet you do a damn sight better than
okay. You think anybody followed you?
I don't think so, but it don't really
matter. They know I'm meeting you.
How the fuck they know that?
Floyd comes back with Ordell's screwdriver.
Ordell digs in his pocket and gives Floyd a five.
You told em? You told em it's me?
Well, shit. That don't mean you gotta
Look, the only way I can get
permission to fly is if I agree to
help them. Which is what I have to
appear to be doing. So I give them
I told them you got a half a million
dollars in Mexico, and you want me to
What the fuck's that got to do with
They know I'm delivering for you. I
mention the half-million - they don't
give a fuck about that - They want
you with guns. So I say, well, if you
want proof he's getting paid for
selling them, let me bring the money
CLOSEUP - Louis taking a hit off Melanie's bong.
Louis and Melanie are back in the living room, kicking
As Louis gets his hit, Melanie talks;
... so first he tries to get into the
Piss the wrong person off, you get
shot. So he says, fuck that - moves
over to guns. You can sell guns
wherever there's a demand. No one
gives a shit. He acts like he's this
come on, the only people he ever sold
Louis finishes his hit and slides the bong back across
He seems to be making out.
Well, so far he is. But you have to
I wouldn't go so far as to say that.
He moves his lips when he reads, what
does that tell ya. Let's say he's
streetwise. I'll give 'im that. He's
She takes a major bong hit... holds in the smoke... then
while holding in the smoke, says;
He killed a man worked for him the
So what are you trying to tell me? I
Melanie lets out her stream of smoke and flashes her
That's not what I'm saying at all.
He went to meet that stewardess.
Melanie lets out a sarcastic laugh.
I live here. He drops in and out. He
Course he did, he tells everybody
who'll listen. That's what he's doin'
how he can get it over here.
Let him and that stewardess get that
... and just take it from him.
Jackie explaining the plan to Ordell.
... I make two deliveries. The first
one with ten thousand, like a dry
run. They watch it. See how it works.
Then we do a second delivery, when I
Naw, naw, that's too much exposure. I
ain't goin anywhere near that money.
You don't have to. I told 'em you're
real careful. You never pick up money
and I never know who it is.
If you just listen, you'll see it's a
damn good idea. The first time I do
it they're lurking about. They see me
hand the ten thousand to someone.
I don't know. One of your friends.
The next trip, when I come with all
the money, it'll look like I hand it
to the same one I did before...
No, I give it to someone else first.
And they follow the wrong one
thinkin' she's bringing it to me.
So we need two people, two women.
I got the woman covered. Where you
I was thinkin' the Del Amo Mall. In
I suppose you see a piece of this for
Well, it's my plan. We're in this
Yeah, but it's my money, and I don't
I ain't your partner, I'm your
manager. I'm managing to get your
money out of Mexico, into America, in
your hands, and I'm managing to do
all this under the nose of the cops.
That makes me your manager, and
Plus the same deal as before.
It's now getting late at night. Jackie comes home. She's
dressed differently than she was at the Cockatoo. In
fact, she looks like she's coming home from a date.
She walks into her bedroom... kicks off her shoes...
takes her earring off, putting them on the night-stand by
the bed... she sees that her answering machine is
We begin a SLOW ZOOM into the answering machine. Never
You have on message. Sent at :
Max's voice comes out of the machine.
Hi, Jackie. It's Max. I was just
calling to find out how everything
went today with A.T.F. If you want to
call me, my home number is -,
or you can reach me at my office,
which is -B-A-I-L. That's also on
the card I gave you when we first met
- I don't know if you still have that
- but it's on it - Oh, let me give
you my beeper number. It's -.
Okay, so I'll talk to you later. Hope
We se the huge Del Amo Mall from the parking area.
The Del Amo Mall on a lazy midday in the middle of the
week. A few people, mostly black, mill around, but it's
not like it is on the weekend.
The international food court, where fast-food versions of
international cuisine are available to all the hungry Del
Jackie and Ordell sit at a table in the food court. She
drinks an iced tea from Teriyaki Donut. A collection of
Broadway shopping bags sit on the table.
The money's in a Broadway shopping
bag. I get some food, and sit down
here in the food court. Then your
girl comes - you got somebody yet?
Look, it's my ass facin' the
headed roc whore, and she fucks
I ain't gonna send no roc whore. The
We're outside the Del Amo UA Cinemas, a six-screen
theater that's been in the Del Amo Mall since the early
seventies. A small afternoon crowd is exiting the cinema,
having just watched their matinee. Max Cherry is among
them. He exits the theater, and strolls through the mall.
Jackie moves a Broadway bag towards him.
We follow with Ordell out of the food court, when he
... He see Max Cherry strolling through the mall.
Ordell almost steps into a store to get out of view.
"What the fuck is Max Cherry doing here?"
As Ordell watches, he sees Max head towards the food
walks into the food court. He stands
looking a all the international fast
food choices in front of him. As he
tries to decide, he hears from behind
Max turns and sees Jackie siting there drinking her iced
tea, smoking her Mild Seven, and smiling up at him.
I know, ignoring me. What're you up
Pretty good. Me and Annette Bening
Oh, are you? Does she know that?
... I don't believe she's ever heard
of me. But that doesn't mean we're
Watching Max sit down and make himself comfortable at
I think falling in live with movie
stars is something that happens to a
Does it happen to all men?
Well, I'd never be so bold as to
speak for all men, but as or myself
and a few of my friends, that's
definitely the case. There's a lot of
actresses out there you like, and
there's some you have crushes on. But
there's always one who you love. And
with her it's sorta like going
With a smile on her face;
That's a goddam man for ya. Can't
even be faithful to a fuckin' movie
Who was your girl before Annette?
Yeah, she's the girl who drove the
She's adorable. But I had to end it.
I'm old enough to be her father.
Gesturing to the Broadway bags on the table.
I go back to work tomorrow.
They seem to like the idea.
Bring the money in and they follow
Yea, but I'm going to dress it up.
Put the money in a shopping bag and
hand it to someone I meet here.
You don't actually do it that way?
He always just picked it up at my
place. But with A.T.F. involved, I
want to stage it. You know, make it
look more intriguing, like we know
what the fuck we're doin'. Then it's
up to Ray Nicolet, the A.T. F. guy to
Make the delivery somewhere in the
Right around here, in the food court.
Sit down, leave the bag under the
I'm helping him bring his money into
America. He loves the idea. You just
Yeah, we were goin' over everything.
I know, I got your message. Ray
wanted to have dinner. He wanted to
talk about the sting we're plotting.
That's what he calls it. A sting.
He's being real nice to me.
You think he's got a thing for you?
Maybe. But I'm thinking it might be
something like he wants the money for
I don't follow your logic. What does
his being nice to you have to do with
He's setting me up to make a
You don't propose something like that
unless you're pretty sure the other
Not really. But I knew this narcotics
cop one time. Told me that in a raid,
the whole package never gets back to
'cause later he was suspended and
Has Nicolet told you any colorful
No harm in that. He's a young guy
havin' fun being a cop. I know the
type, trust me on this. He's more
interested in Ordell than the money.
If he's gonna do anything suspect,
it'll be cutting corners to get the
conviction; but he wouldn't walk off
What? If I was in Nicolet's place?
No, I mean you, right now. Not it you
If I saw a way to walk off with a
shopping bag full of money, would I
You know where it came from. It's not
like it's anybody's life savings. It
Okay, sure. I might be tempted.
Especially now, since I'm getting out
Jackie looks at him, "wow, that was a statement," but she
I have to stand behind all my active
bonds, but I'm not writing any new
A lot of reasons. But the main one
would be I'm tired of it.
It's been a long time coming. I
finally made up my mind - I guess it
With a date on it. Jackie's hand is signing her name. We
WHIP UP and se her face, just as Max Cherry approaches
her, handing her his business card.
Hi, I'm Max Cherry. Your bail
The day you got me out of jail?
Yeah, that night I went to pick up a
guy. I hear he's staying at this
house, so I sneak in, wait for him to
Wait a minute. After we were together
you went and snuck into a guy's
Max is dropping off Jackie at her apartment and saying
Max finding no gun in his glove box.
Went to my office, found out you took
Max in his office, taking another pistol from his drawer,
Got another gun and a stun gun...
And went to this guy's house in El
Monte, and I waited for him.
What do you do when he comes home?
Shoot him with the stun gun. While
Did you do it that night?
He never came home. But I'm sitting
on the couch, in the dark, holding my
stun gun and the whole house smells
of mildew - So after a couple hours I
think, "What am I doing here?
Nineteen years of this shit? So I
made up my mind, that's it.
Jackie takes a pause before saying;
I'm not sure you answered my
If you had a chance, unemployed now,
to walk off with a half-million
I believe I said I'd be tempted.
Jackie smiles at him behind cigarette smoke.
Don't even think about it. You could
get yourself killed go to prison...
What if I've figured a way?
Hold for a few beats, then...
Over this card, we hear an airplane landing.
Back at work, standing at the exit of her plane. All the
passengers are filtering out. She says goodbye.
Bye bye... Bye now... Goodbye Bye
Jackie, wearing her stewardess uniform, walks into the
LAX parking structure, pulling her bad on wheels behind
Nicolet and Dargus are waiting for her.
We gotta stop meeting this way.
Jackie smiles. They all fall in step towards Jackie's
The two cops and the black woman sit parked in her Honda.
She, behind the wheel, Nicolet next to her in the
passenger seat, Dargus in the backseat. Nicolet has the
flight bag in his lap. He's taking out the manila
envelope with the ten thousand inside. Their demeanor is
very different from the first time they met. The three
Bet you're happy to be working again.
This is A.T.F. agent Ray Nicolet,
exchange trial run. It's three p.m.,
July th . The location is the
Pointing to a small mike on his lapel.
I thought you were going to let this
We are. Don't worry about it.
Every step of this goes in my report.
I am now taking a manila envelope
He opens it and takes out the ten thousand dollars.
dollar bills. Now, I'm counting it.
What time do you have to be there?
Four thirty. I'm meeting a woman.
He wouldn't say. You gonna follow
She leaves, somebody'll be on her.
But you're not going to stop her?
Nicolet finishes counting, then hushes them up.
A Broadway shopping bag. A large bag
The Del Amo Mall on another lazy midday in the middle of
Max rides up an escalator in the mall. He casually
strolls through the mall, goes into a cappuccino bar
called "BUSTA CAP" across from the food court. Walking up
You want whipped cream on that?
Max checks his watch: :. He looks over at the food
court and spots Jackie sitting at a table by herself.
Jackie on the phone with Max, dressed for bed (long t-
Think of it as money that shouldn't
even be here. I mean does anybody
Max in his office on the phone.
It may be evidence once they get
their hands on it, but right now it's
He ponders his words as he watches her from a distance.
Jackie sits at a table by herself, eating Japanese food
from Teriyaki Donut and drinking an iced tea. As she eats
Jackie looks up and sees a skinny YOUNG GIRL, black,
quite pretty, no older than twenty.
She holds a tray filled with tacos, enchiladas, rice and
beans and a giant-sized Coke. She also has a Broadway
shopping bag hanging from her arm.
Jackie looks at her tray of food.
It would seem our Young Girl's from the South.
Put your bag on the floor, okay?
Under the table, right next to mine.
The Young Girl who hasn't looked right at Jackie since
sitting down, bends sideways to glance under the table.
Then when I leave, well, you know.
... then back down at her tray.
Sheronda starts eating, head down, hunching close to the
Would it bother you if I smoked?
Without raising her head, she shakes it from side to
Jackie takes out a pack of Davidoffs and lights one up
with her yellow Bic. As she does this she observes
Sheronda, can I ask you a question?
He say we like the same thing as
Sheronda hesitates, then says without raising her head.
Sometimes every day, for a while.
Then you don't see him for a few
You know what's in the bag you're
Well, Sheronda, it was nice talking
Jackie picks up Sheronda's bag and leaves.
Max drinking his caf mocha sans whipped cream, watches
Jackie leave the Young Girl and with Broadway bag in
hand, walk out of the food court.
Max watches her walk down the mall when two young men in
sport coats, jeans, and cowboy boots step out of a B.
Dalton bookstore, stop her and begin talking. Knowing
they must be Nicolet and Dargus, he watches one of them
take the Broadway bag from Jackie and look inside. They
talk for a minute - it would seem about nothing too
serious. Jackie nods her head, listens to the two cops,
nods her head again, and then walks off.
As he watches her walk away from the cops...
You said it yourself. Ray wants
Ordell, he don't give a shit about
the money. Money won't convict him,
guns will. Yeah, sure, if it falls in
their lap, they take it. If they know
they got it, they'll look for it...
Max watches the two cops turn their attention to the
young girl eating in the food court.
Max watches her, too. The Young Girl continues to work
her way through her Mexican food, when she turns her head
to an OLDER BLACK WOMAN sitting at the next table. The
older woman says something, and the younger woman hands
her the ashtray Jackie was using.
Max watches the Young Girl finish her food and get up
from the table. She stoops down to get the Broadway
shopping bag and walks out of the food court.
Max watches Nicolet and Dargus let the Young Girl get a
little ahead, then follow after her. They're gone.
Max turns back on the older woman all alone.
She finishes the coffee she was drinking and stands up,
carrying - how about that? - A Broadway shopping bag. The
woman heads out of the mall.
The older woman walks past us. She heads straight for the
She walks down a line of cars, then gets in a big, tan
... but not before Max writes down her license plate
That's what you do to go through with
the shit you start. You rationalize.
I can do this, Max, I know I can. But
I can't do it without you.
Max climbs into his Seville, starts her up, and drives
Driving down the street, lost in thought.
It could work... If she handles the
He hits 'play' on the dash CD player. The Delfonics fill
A garage door is lifted open, revealing Ordell and Louis.
Ordell and Louis are at Mr. Robbie's storage facility. A
VAN is backed up nect to the opening. The facility is
pitch black. Ordell ahs a big flashlight in his hand.
He shines the beam into darkness. We see the facility is
filled to the gills with machine guns, shotguns, uzis, a
rocket launcher, and handguns of many types.
Ordell opens the back doors of the van. They start
unloading machine guns and boxes of ammo.
Can I ask you about Melanie?
She one of the women I got set up. I
got Melanie in Hermosa Beach. I rent
Simone a small house in Compton, and
about four blocks away I got me this
Sheronda. I found her waitin' for a
bus two days outta Alabama, barefoot,
country as a chicken coop. Took her
to my house in Compton, told her it
Hell, yeah. To her dumb country ass,
Compton is Hollywood. Close as she's
If this is about you fucked Melanie,
I don't give a damn. I ain't a fool.
I leave you alone with a bitch like
Melanie, you're gonna be fuckin' that
twenty minutes after I'm out the
door. So say "thank you" and I'll
That's not what I meant when I asked
She tryin' to work your ass against
You didn't even hafta say it. I know
Well, why the fuck keep her around?
'Cause she my fine little surfer gal.
She can't do me no harm. Fact she
think she can play you against me
shows how little she knows. You could
teach that bitch for days how it is
'tween me an you, she never
Why do you let someone know your
I don't hafta trust her, I know her.
You can't trust Melanie. But you can
always trust Melanie to be Melanie.
I still don't understand why you keep
She my fine little surfer gal.
EXTREME CLOSEUP - Jackie's finger presses a small black
Bends down to talk in the speaker.
Jackie walks down the hallway and finds the door.
The door opens, she sees Melanie  on
the other side. Melanie, dressed in a t-shirt, cut offs,
doesn't say a word - just turns around and walks away.
Once Melanie leaves, she sees Ordell standing inside the
apartment, screwdriver in hand, yelling after Melanie;
He turns his attention to Jackie.
She sees Louis  sitting on the couch.
Ordell says to Louis, but loud enough for Melanie in the
She gonna hafta find her sandals...
minutes get her ass out the door.
Jackie - his is Louis, Louis -
Jackie. And the chick stompin' around
in the other room is Melanie.
Melanie comes out of the bedroom with her sunglasses,
sandals, bag strung across her shoulders and her keys in
her hand. She makes a bee-line towards the door without
You have a nice time, hear?
Ordell looks to Jackie, raises his screwdriver and says;
I need to talk to you alone.
Ordell and Jackie on the balcony.
I don't want no more fuckin'
surprises. We do this the way I laid
it out, or we don't do it at all.
What the hell you talkin' bout?
someone else, that's what the hell
How do you know she did that?
I was there, I saw her do it.
Well, you weren't supposed to be
I know, but I hung around, 'cause I
figured you'd try an' pull some shit
Now, hold on there. I ain't pullin'
no shit. It's my money, I can do
whatever the fuck I wanna do with it.
Not when it's my ass on the line you
don't. We do this my way or fuck it.
Ordell tries to stop the hostile back and forth.
Just chill the fuck out, Jackie. It
ain't no big thing. The woman you saw
was my friend, Simone. She's the one
gonna be receiving the money, so I
just wanted her to see how it works.
She'll be here any minute. Nice
Ordell opens the sliding glass and says to Louis in the
Louis, call Simone and tell her to
get her tail over here. We're waitin'
Louis gets up to make the call.
Ordell turns back to Jackie and smiles, holding up his
I'm about ready for a refill. Sure I
Ordell and Jackie sit on stools around the kitchen
counter/bar. Louis sits with them on the phone, silent.
Nicolet and Dargus stop me at the
Man, I don't like that part.
It washes off. I tell them we're
doing it the same way as before.
They'll follow Sheronda. I hate the
idea of leaving her for a fall.
She won't have no problems 'cause she
Are you sure she don' know about the
She don't know shit about the money.
What does she think she's gettin?
I told her this is a game us rich
folks play, exchanging gifts. Like a
scavenger hunt. She didn't know what
Hang it up, she's on her way. You
gotta listen to this. This involves
Louis hangs up the phone and joins the debriefing.
No, you gonna give her a
Right, the one Simone gives me.
Simone and I'll make the switch at
Robinson's/May. She knows what I look
She saw you with Sheronda. So Simone
goes to the dress department with her
She waits for you to go in the place
The fitting room. There's a sign over
I have a hunch they'll be watchin'
me. We can't risk switching bags out
in the open or even in the dining
area. That's why it has to be a
woman, 'cause we do the switch in the
So you come out with her
Simone peeks out, waits for my man
Louis here to give her a signal
store, gets in her car - mission
Where you gonna be during all this?
I'm gonna be sittin' at the titty bar
In downtown L.A. till my man over
here calls me and gives me the O.K.
Jackie's pager goes off. She looks at it.
Ordell walks Jackie to the elevator.
That works on my nerves, you bein' so
If I wasn't, this wouldn't work. Now
once I deliver I'll have to trust
Well, I've been trusting you all this
time, haven't I? We agreed on ten
percent of what you bring in and
They reach the elevator. She presses the button.
And a hundred thousand if I go to
We're partners, Baby, sorta. I ain't
gonna screw you. You haven't told me
where I put it for you.
The elevator arrives. Jackie steps in.
Give it to the bail bondsman, Max
Cherry. He'll take care of it.
Max Cherry? You and him friends now?
You tell him about this shit?
He won't know where the money came
... the elevator shuts... As it shuts Ordell yells;...
Don't you know all them bail bondsmen
He doesn't like the last piece of new information.
The Strand is the hip surfer street in downtown Hermosa
Beach. Jackie leaves the apartment building. She walks to
her car when she spots a funky little beach bar called,
Sally Leroy's is a beach bar with surfboards, different
beer signs, and pictures of Marilyn Monroe, Elvis
Presley, James Dean, Ann Margaret, and surfers riding
monster waves all over the place.
The JUKEBOX plays a loud seventies rock number.
The camera picks Jackie up through the window, walking
into the place and going up to the bar...
A female bartender in her mid-twenties, wearing a plaid
workshirt, named WANDA, goes to Jackie.
... We follow with her to the back of the bar... the
MUSIC is LOUD... the phone booth is occupied by a fat
older GUY wearing surf clothes and sporting a mustache
like a walrus. Jackie waits for him to finish his call...
As she waits, the CAMERA MOVES BACK... until a blonde
head of hair comes into the f.g....
The CAMERA MOVES around to a CLOSEUP ON MELANIE, sucking
on a beer, moving her head to the music, and watching
Jackie. She smiles and steps OUT OF FRAME.
Jackie turns and sees Melanie holding a beer, standing
Good luck. That guy's been in there
Well, I guess I better look for
I know what you and Ordell got goin'.
You sit down and have a beer with me.
Jackie looks at her a moment.
Join me in a Jaeger shot?
Wanda goes away. Jackie and Melanie sit at the bar. The
MUSIC is LOUD, and they have to talk over it. Melanie
moves her head to it during the conversation.
How long you been with Ordell?
This time? Almost a year. I've known
What were you two fighting about?
He told me to go outside.
"You may leave us now." It's all part
of his pathetic attempt to be "the
man." You know Mr. Walker don't you?
Mr. Walker's my buddy. Ask him about
That coke was yours, wasn't it?
Melanie makes a face to show pain.
Oh, man, listen. I'm sorry about
that. I hope they don't come down on
you on my account. Ordell shoulda
told you it was in your bag.
Melanie digs in her purse for the money.
He said he didn't know about it.
You believe that? Yeah, well, I guess
I'd have second thoughts on that, but
Melanie takes her Jaeger shot, lets it go down, then
He killed a guy who works for him the
So tell me. Having all that money in
your flight bag - Is it tempting?
Jackie nods 'yes', as she sips her beer.
I tell you. If Ordell ever sent me to
carry in ten thousand dollars, that
would be the last motherfuckin' time
he saw me. The next trip you're gonna
thought of cutting Ordell out, I sure
You know how easy it would be? He
won't be anywhere near that mall.
Pull one more switch, up front.
What's that fucker ever done for us?
I don't think so, but thanks for the
Jackie and Nicolet sit at a steakhouse eating a steak
dinner. Nicolet drinks beer, Jackie drinks white wine.
Ordell has a white guy working for
This afternoon before I came here. He
was with Ordell at an apartment in
Hermosa Beach. I don't know if he
lives there, but I can find out.
His full name is Louis Gara. He just
got out from serving four years in
Bank robbery? Do you know what he
I imagine shit needs to be done.
We've been following Mr. Gara, and
In a car, parked, on surveillance.
Louis with the van, at the storage facility.
They served two years together almost
twenty years ago in Soledad. But he
Ordell's got him staying at a house
The older woman in the mall.
old petty thief - woman named Simone
Ever meet her, or they talk about
It was her coke I got busted with.
She knows everything, but she's not
part of it, and she's pissed cause
she's not part of it. Ordell wouldn't
even let her stay at the meeting. She
tried to talk me into ripping off
I'm sure that was the idea.
I smiled and walked away. She also
But she mentioned Beaumont by name?
Well, this sounds like a lady I'd
like to have a word with. So
Max sits on the couch in Jackie's apartment drinking
Jackie paces in front of him, white wine in one hand,
Davidoff in the other, going over the details of
tomorrow. One could notice a slight change in Jackie.
There's a bit of an edge to Miss Brown that's bubbling
underneath her cool surface. It's understandable. After
all, she's been the architect of this half-a-million
dollars switcheroo. She's moved heaven and earth to make
all the pieces fall into place, and all the players thnk
what she wants them to think.
As she talks to Max she knows tomorrow all her hard work
will either fail or succeed. But don't take this
difference the wrong way. This edge I'm referring to is
not one born out of fear (Jackie's nervous, but she's not
afraid). It's more the edge an athlete might feel before
I told them Ordell's changed the
Do you think they bought it?
Oh, yeah. I got them thinking
You know, a good cop won't let you
know he knows you're fulla shit.
All he needed was a reasonable
one change. Ordell thinks it's just
too hot right now to bring in all his
money. He knows you're watching him,
and he's paranoid. He's keeping his
stash where it is, but he wants to
bring in fifty thousand for bail in
Don't be so literal. Ray believed it.
But you still have to show him the
Well, you know I'm not going to show
him the whole amount. He'll see fifty
He won't - I mean, he didn't the last
thousand and there it is - on top.
You're takin' a helluva chance kid.
Not really. If he finds it, I say Mr.
Walker put the money in, and I didn't
know nothing about it. Like the coke.
Then you're out and you get nothing.
Yeah, but I'm not in jail and I
That's why you don't make a move till
I come out of the fitting room.
Well, a suit. There's one I had my
EXTREME CLOSEUP - Ordell on the phone
It's Ordell. We got a bit of a change
in plans here. Nothing to worry 'bout
- everything's the same - except for
one change. That bitch you saw in the
mall, Simone. She wasn't here today,
Me an Louis went over to her place
,she's gone. She's gone and all her
shit's gone and so's my ten thousand
It ain't nothin' to worry about,
discussed. Except when you do the
switch, instead of Simone, it's gonna
Melanie is lying on the couch, sprawled out like a cat.
Louis sits at the other end of the couch. They're
watching "Dirty Mary and Crazy Larry" on TV.
Peter Fonda and Susan George make jokes as they're
They can hear Ordell on the phone. Melanie smiling at
Louis, flirtatiously and conspiratorially lifts her bare
foot and rubs his arm with it. Louis turns to her and
gives her a look that says: "I'm not on your side, bitch.
Melanie sees this and takes her foot away.
Louis turns back to the television.
Looks at Louis for a moment, then sighs, saying under her
With Mexico and California on it. On the Mexico side we
see "CABO SAN LUCAS" with a big circle around it. On the
California side we see "LAX" in a similar circle. The
tiny figure of a black AIRPLANE appears in the Cabo
circle. With appropriate SOUND EFFECTS it takes off from
Cabo, flying towards LAX, leaving a dotted line behind
it. The CAMERA moves into a CLOSEUP of the little black
Rearranging her bag. The five hundred thousand inside
takes up half the space. She tucks lingerie around the
edges, covers the money with blouses, shoes, and skirts
and ties I all down tight. Then places a fat envelope
with fifty thousand right on top.
Jackie steps out of the bathroom, walks down the aisle,
and is stopped by a PASSENGER.
Listen, Miss, I'm waiting for a drink
and you spend half the fuckin' flight
in the can. Soon as we land I'm
Why, because I called you an asshole.
I didn't? Oh, well, you're an
Jackie steps into the LAX parking structure, pulling her
Waiting for her is Ray Nicolet.
We have to stop meeting like this.
They fall into step towards her car.
You said that the last time.
Well, it's true, isn't it? After his
is buttoned up we could meet
someplace else. What do you think?
We could, if I'm not in jail.
Oh, that's taken care of. I called
the State Attorney's Office. You were
This information stops Jackie in her tracks.
Are you saying I'm off the hook?
Nicolet, who kept walking when Jackie stopped, looks back
Free as a bird. I still expect you to
finish the job, though. How much do
Fifty thousand, like I said. He's
pretty sure he's gonna need it for
Jackie and Nicolet in the parked car. Ray has the flight
He sees the clothes with the envelope on top.
I was told ten thousand in each pack.
I never have. It's not my money.
He puts the envelope back in the bag and feels through
He might have slipped some coke in
Mr. Walker promised he'd never do
Nicolet's fingers move to a pair of black heels wedged
into the side... they touch the shoes... then move over
to the envelope, opens the clasp and takes out five
What? To put one of these in my
If I did, I'd have to give you one,
wouldn't I? Or we could take what we
want. No one knows how much there is
Yes. All those things are true.
After all, it don't belong to nobody,
That would be one point of view.
Yeah, well, it's not a point of view
that A.T.F. shares. Once we make it
evidence, it belongs to us. You are
now officially out of trouble. Don't
How can I do anything if I'm being
I'm glad you realize that. Saves me
the trouble of pointing it out to
Put this in your shopping bag. It's
what I expect to find when I look in
Max Cherry sits behind his desk. WINSTON POWELL, the big
black guy from the photo, is at the other desk on the
phone. Max looks at his watch.
Max stands up, takes the sport coat from the back of his
chair, putsit on, and walks over to Winston's desk.
Winston, still on the phone, looks up.
I'm going out for a few hours.
I'm going to Del Amo, see a movie,
Whatever looks best and starts the
Winston goes back to the phone.
Max walks out of the office.
Sam's Hoffin Braur  is a strip
Ordell's on the pay phone. A STRIPPER strips in the b.g.
What the fuck are you two still doing
Louis stands in the empty living room, talking to Ordell
on the phone. Kate Bush plays in the b.g.
I was ready to leave ten minutes ago.
Ordell snaps at Louis, not so harsh Louis is forced to
retaliate, but enough to express his loss of patience.
Well, you the one in motherfuckin'
Well, she keeps saying 'in a minute.'
Go in there, snatch her by the hair,
and drag her big ass out. This is my
goddam money we're talking about. Get
Louis, pissed at being hung up on and talked to like
that, hangs up the phone and turns his frustration where
Louis stomps towards the bedroom where the music's
We see a montage of the individual characters in route to
In her Honda, smoking a cigarette, looking cool as usual,
driving to the mall. Her car plays seventies soul.
In his Cadillac Seville, cruising down Hawthorne
Boulevard to the mall. He plays hid Delfonics CD.
In Melanie's Toyota drive towards the mall. Melanie
drives singing along with Kate Bush on her car stereo.
Jackie's car pulls up to a lined parking space in the
Jackie gets out of the Honda with her flight bag. She
goes to her hatchback, takes a Robinson's/May bag, lines
the first half of the bag with old paperbacks.
Then takes out of the flight bag the envelope with the
fifty-thousand marked dollars, takes one packet of ten
thousand, and puts it in her pocket. She lines the
envelope with forty thousand across the books, then fills
the rest of the bag with beach towels.
Then with her flight bag slung over her shoulder,
carrying the Robinson's/May bag and with all the
confidence of a world champion prize fighter going into
the ring, she strides toward the hugs mall.
Jackie enters the mall. She looks at the people buzzing
around. Any one of them could be surveillance.
She calmly walks down the mall, then turns into the
Jackie, in her Cabo Air uniform, walks up to a young
Asian saleswoman named Amy in the Robinson's/May designer
The saleswoman smiles when she sees Jackie.
Yes, you have a suit I've had my eye
Jackie steps out of the fitting room wearing a real
sharp, badass, black suit with a white blouse.
Oh, my God. You look so cool.
Jackie moves over to the mirror, and checks herself out.
This looks pretty good on me.
Are you kidding, it looks great. You
wear this to a business meeting,
you're the badass in the room. But
you can go out dancing in this too.
I think I'm gonna just get this for
today. I'm in kind of a hurry. Would
you mind ringing this up while I
Jackie walks into the fitting room.
She walks down the fitting room hallway with changing
cubicles on her right, enters the last one.
She closes the door and sits down on the bench in between
her flight bag full of money and the Robinson's/May bag.
A full-length mirror is straight I front of her. She
looks at herself... when someone comes into the stall
Melanie's voice comes from the other side of the wall.
Are you getting that black suit?
Do you got something for me?
A Robinson's/May bag, like Jackie's, filled with towels,
Jackie picks up her Robinson's/May bag, filled with
books, towels and the marked forty-thousand dollars.
She takes the loose packet of ten-thousand marked dollars
and lies it on top of the bag.
As she does all this Melanie continues talking.
We coulda worked this. You know that,
dontcha? You would've made out a lot
better than you're going to, believe
Jackie slides the Robinson's/May bag with money under the
Melanie sees the money on top and stops talking.
I put a little cherry on top. You're
right. What the hell he ever do for
Now be careful with that bag. You
don't want it ripping open on you in
We hear the SOUND of Melanie leaving.
Jackie then transfers the half of a million dollars out
of her flight bag into Melanie's Robinson's/May bag. She
sticks her uniform in the flight bag.
Then takes the towels and puts them on top of the money.
She grabs her flight bag and leaves, leaving behind the
Robinson's/May bag filled with half of a million dollars.
Jackie, looking sharp in her new suit but acting a touch
frantic and anxious, walks rapidly toward the sales
counter where Amy waits for her.
I'm sorry, I just decided to stay in
the suit - get out of that damn
As Jackie and the salesgirl complete their transaction
the CAMERA CIRCLES them, SLOWLY at first, but more
RAPIDLY each go-around. They complete the transaction and
as Jackie starts to leave, she stops and says to Amy;
Oh, somebody left a shopping bag in
... Jackie walks out of Robinson's/May hurriedly into the
main mall. The calm, cool stride we're used to with
She stops, looks around, head darting from one direction
to another. She looks in a panic. The CAMERA begins to
twirl around her. She seems to be looking for something
she doesn't see. She looks helpless and on the verge of
As the twirling CAMERA circles her, she screams;
Ray! Ray! I need you! Come out! She
Nicolet, Dargus, and two other plainclothes cops, come
running out of a store towards Jackie. As they reach her,
Melanie burst in the dressing room
Louis and Melanie pull up to a lined parking space in
Louis is the first out of the car.
We STEDICAM in front of them, Louis the rapid pacesetter,
pulling Melanie behind him by the hand. Melanie carries
Jesus Christ, get a grip, Louis.
We shoulda been there already and we
woulda been if it hadn't been for
... We STEDICAM into Robison's/May with them. We lose
them for a moment behind racks of dresses and mannequins,
but end up landing on Jackie in her black suit, looking
in a mirror and talking to Amy on the Designer Clothes
... You wear this to a business
meeting, you're the badass in the
We PAN away and find Louis and Melanie by a dress rack,
That's a nice outfit on her. I'm
gonna go over and look at this Michi
Just stay right fuckin' here, all
Louis' hand immediately goes to his forehead and touches
Job a little too much for you?
Louis shoots Melanie a hard convict look.
Melanie smiles at him, feeling the stare, but too much of
a natural-born smart ass to change.
I'll be over here. You're too
Louis looks over at the fitting room. Jackie is going
inside it, and the saleswoman is walking away towards
He watches the saleswoman walk by him, then looks back in
time to see Melanie enter the fitting room.
Goddammit, not till I tell ya.
He decides he's watching the fitting room entrance too
much, so he starts throwing his look around when he sees
Max is looking at dresses, paying no attention to the
He thinks, 'what the fuck is Max Cherry doing here?'
Max, doing what he's doing, looks up and sees Louis
staring at him across the floor. Max smiles and gives
Louis a wave before turning his back to him and continues
to do what he was doing.
He quickly looks around the store to see anything else;
any more surprise guests, possible police surveillance.
Everything looks normal. The saleswoman is behind the
register ringing up Jackie's purchase. The few customers
Then he sees Melanie come out with a Robinson's/May bag
and head down a different aisle.
He hurries down his aisle and cuts her off. Their whole
fight is said tense and low.
I'm getting out of here. What do you
Fuck you. I can carry it.
She tries to push past him, and he catches her by her arm
Watch it, dipshit. You wanna rip the
Gimme that bag before I knock you out
Melanie realizes Louis ain't fuckin' kiddin'. Not only
that, this old guy looks close to buggin'. She lets go of
Okay, okay. Take it. Jesus, what's
He takes it. They start walking. We STEDICAM in front of
Okay, you got it. Just take a chill
Louis has had enough of her slang and says tensely
Fuck you with your chill pill.
Louis stops dead. He looks around, confused.
Nooo, that's towards Sears. We came
in through Bullocks. I know where it
is. Want to follow me, Lou-is?
Pissed, he leaves FRAME. Melanie, wearing her Melanie
Louis, clutching the shopping bag close to his chest,
walks rapidly down an aisle of parked cars.
We STEDICAM alongside. We walk for awhile, Louis changes
direction to another aisle. WE'RE NOW IN FRONT of him. We
see he has a searching look on his face.
You have no idea where you parked, do
Jesus, but if you two aren't the
biggest fuck-ups I've ever seen in my
life... How did you ever rob a bank?
When you robbed banks, did you have
to look for your car then too? No
Louis could kill her right now. Just take his gun out of
his pants and shoot her in her snickering face. But
instead of doing what he wants, he does what he should.
He doesn't answer of look back. (If he looked back and
saw that Melanie-smirk, he couldn't e responsible for
what happens.)He changes directions, cuts down another
aisle and hopes for both their sakes she shuts the fuck
But our Melanie just keeps on being Melanie.
They walk it; it's not it.
Louis changes direction and cuts between some cars to the
Is it this aisle or the next one
In between two cars, Louis spins on her.
Don't say anything else, okay? I'm
telling you, keep your mouth shut.
Melanie was surprised by the spin, but is about to say
something anyway when Louis put his hand up and says;
I mean it. Don't say one fuckin'
Louis whips out the Beretta Ordell gave him, shoots
She bounces OFF one of the cars and goes down.
BAM... Louis shoots her again on the ground.
One; to make sure. Two; cause it felt good.
Then he hurries of for his car. WE FOLLOW IN FRONT OF
HIM. He looks around, then yells out;
See, just where I fuckin' said it
He hops in the car, and throws it into reverse.
We can se Melanie's bare legs sticking out from a row of
cars. Louis stops the Toyota alongside the dead Melanie,
and yells through the passenger window;
Max Cherry's Cadillac Seville pulls up to a lined space
Max gets out of his car and casually strolls towards the
Max, hands in pocket, strolls unhurriedly through the
He walks around the store, keeping one eye peeled toward
the Designer Clothes section. He walks up to a jewelry
counter and begins looking at he pieces in the display
case, when a pretty, young SALESGIRL comes up to him.
Not right now. I'm just killing time
waiting for my wife. But thanks,
Sure thing. If anything grabs you,
He looks towards Designer Clothes and sees Jackie walking
out of the fitting room wearing the cool black suit.
Oh, my God. You look so cool.
Jackie moves over to the mirror and checks herself out.
Max looks back to the jewelry display case, saying under
Jackie looks at her reflection in the mirror. Then she
lifts her eyes, meeting Max's across the room. Max gives
her a nod of his head to show he approves. Jackie smiles
and breaks contact, turning to Amy. We hear her say from
a distance. "This looks pretty good on me."
Max hears a commotion behind him and turns to see Louis
and Melanie hurriedly making their way towards Designer
He turns his attention back to browsing through dresses
He sees Louis and Melanie squabbling.
He sees Jackie disappear into the fitting room.
He sees Amy leaving the fitting room entrance.
He watches Melanie, by herself, watch Amy leave. Melanie
watches the fitting room for a few moments. Gathering her
courage, then makes her move, entering the fitting room.
Max smiles to himself, "so far so good" he thinks. He
throws a look towards Louis, only to see Louis staring
dead at him with an unhappy look on his face. Max returns
the look with a smile and a wave then turns his back on
his before he can see a reaction.
He sees Melanie come out of the fitting room carrying a
Robinson's/May bag close to her chest.
He sees Jackie come out of the fitting room, go over to
Amy and buy the dress. Jackie goes into her act, acting
agitated and distracted as she talks to Amy, pays with
cash, then leaves stopping to say;
Oh, somebody left a shopping bag in
Amy is left alone by the cashier counter.
As Max looks at Amy, then at the fitting room entrance,
Max, old boy. You've spent nineteen
years dealing with people who take
incredible risks. You walk over to
that counter, you're gonna find out
... then walks over to Amy.
Excuse me, but my wife thinks she
left a bag of beach towels in the
Yeah, I think they're back there. Go
get 'em. There's nobody in there. I
think they're in the last stall.
Max walks toward the fitting room, enters it, walks down
the length of stalls, and stops in front of the last one.
He opens the door to the stall. Sitting in the corner is
the Robinson's/May bag. He walks over to it, lifts out
the towels, and sees all that money. He replaces the
towels, picks up the bag and leaves. HE walks across the
Designer Clothes, passes by Amy, says;
Max walks unhurriedly toward the door that leads to the
He's outside; nobody's stopped him. He keeps walking
towards his blue Seville. He keeps walking unhurriedly,
never looking back. He gets to his car, uses opening the
car door as an excuse to look back at the mall.
It's normal. Nobody's after him, nobody's watching him.
Max allows himself a smile, gets into his Cadillac with
his half-a-million bucks and drives away.
Ordell sits at the bar in Sam's drinking a screwdriver
The bartender hands him the phone.
A stressed Louis drives the Toyota, calling Ordell on
I got it. Listen, there's something
else I have to tell you.
When I see you. Pick me up at Sam's.
I haven't even looked at it yet, it's
Melanie must be dyin' to see it.
That's what I got to talk to you
about. You see, Melanie was giving me
- Not now, pick me up.
The Toyota pulls up to the back of the bar. Ordell hops
Oredell in the passenger seat, bends over to the
backseat, grabs the shopping bag, and brings it to his
lap. He looks like a kid at Christmas.
You keep drivin' down Ninth, to where
they got all them car dealerships.
We're gonna leave this heap in a
parking lot and get one the cops
That's what I gotta tell you. She
bugged me the whole time. Got pissy
with me 'cause I wouldn't let her
carry the bag. Started running her
right away when we came out where the
car was parked, so she got on me
about that. "Is it this aisle Lou-is,
is it that one?" She was totally
So what, you left her there.
Ordell still doesn't say anything... then says;
Maybe... but at that moment... I
Well, if you had to do it, you had to
do it. What we don't want is that
bitch surviving on us. Anybody but
Ordell shrugs it off, and digs into the shopping bag. He
pulls out the towels and sees forty-thousand dollars on
top of a bunch of paperbacks. His stomach drops. He just
looks inside the bag for the longest time.
Louis drives, oblivious to Ordell's dilemma.
Maybe forty, maybe not that much.
You said five hundred and fifty!
So you light, ain't you. You light
Look, that's the bag she came out
with. She never even put her hand in
The fitting room. It went down
exactly the way it was supposed to.
How long was she in there?
Maybe a minute. She came right out.
Louis, You tellin' me the truth?
Look, I swear to fucking god, she
came out with that bag and I took it
We went to the parking lot.
You sure she ain't somewhere with a
Fuck you for asking me that.
Louis pulls it over, and stops on Ninth.
Ordell opens the glove box and takes out the Beretta. He
smells the end of the barrel. He releases the magazine.
What's that gonna tell you" If I was
really pullin' a burn, I'd have taken
two out, wouldn't I? I thought you
Ordell looks at him. Louis didn't burn him.
Holding a bunch of money, looking into the camera, and
Jackie's gonna die. He slaps the magazine back into the
Okay, so it was Jackie Brown.
If she's got it, why didn't she take
'fore I blow that bitch's brains out,
If there were nothin; in here but
towels, maybe she didn't get a chance
to take it from her suitcase and
A.T.F. got it. But, she put these
fuckin' books in here to trick our
That's why I never checked it. The
Then she throws forty thousand in
here, to rub the shit in my face,
know what I'm saying? She wants me to
I don't know. Either she has it or
... she gave it to somebody else
first, before Melanie went in the
It gets real quiet in the car, as Louis remembers
You know who I saw in the dress
I didn't really think anything of it.
No - I did wonder what he was doing
there, but didn't think it had
anything to do with us. You know like
maybe he was there with his wife or
You gonna tell me who it was?
Ordell has to look away from Louis, takes a beat, then
You see Max Cherry in the dress
department. We're about to be handed
half-a-million dollars - Man, look at
me when I'm talking to you! And you
don't think nothing of him being
Do Max Cherry and Jackie Brown know
Hell, yes, they know each other. He
How am I supposed to know that?
You know the motherfucker's a bail
bondsman, don't ya? You know every
last one of them motherfuckers is
Why should I think anything's weird,
if I don't know nothin' about them
Man, I don't want to hear your
I ain't givin' you fuckin' excuses,
Oh, you gonna tell me the reason you
lost all the goddam money I got in
the world! Let me tell you the
your ass ain't worth a shit no more!
Louis turns into the hard convict on the yard, and tells
Louis falls back against the car door, eyes wide open,
Ordell takes the pistol, works the barrel up higher on
Louis' side, right under him arm, and shoots him again.
This time Louis' head BANGS against the car door window.
He slumps over - his life gone.
What the fuck happened to you, man?
Shit, your ass use'ta be beautiful.
Ordell takes the bag and gets out of the car, leaving
You didn't tell me you were gonna do
Jackie, still dressed in her cool black suit, sits in a
chair in Nicolet's office. Davidoff between the fingers
of one hand, she holds a small, white styrofoam cup of
You didn't. I would think with all
this on your mind, you'd wait till
I got there early. I've had my eye on
this suit - Wait, let's start over. I
got there early. The idea was to try
on the suit, see if I liked it. If I
did, get them to wrap it up, and
change back into my uniform. That's
what Sheronda's expecting me to wear.
Go meet Sheronda, give her the bag
with fifty thousand, and go home.
Because I didn't have it. Ray, I
swear, Melanie came in and grabbed
And someone killed her for it.
Nicolet looks at Jackie for a moment.
Where's the bag she gave you?
She didn't give me one. I told you
before, Melanie wasn't part of the
plan. Ordell must of told her to do
it. She bursts in, grabs the shopping
bag, and takes off. What am I
supposed to do, go after her? I'm in
my fucking underwear. I had to get
dressed before I could do anything.
So I put this back on 'cause could
put this on faster than I could my
You took the time to pay the
I had to. I was frantic. I didn't
What did you do after that?
I went looking for you. I went
that's where you were last time, but
you weren't there. How the hell else
am I supposed to let anybody know
what happened? You didn't tell me how
to do that, did you? I knew I was
There was a guy with Melanie?
Pretends to shop. She watches Louis grab Melanie.
We had our agent on you. She sees a
blonde come out of the fitting room
guy. The white guy takes the shopping
This guy with Melanie, that was Louis
I didn't see him. I was in my
underwear. If it was a white guy, it
was probably Louis. He kill Melanie?
don't have any idea what happened to
You'd take a polygraph on it?
I sure hope you haven't done anything
Can I have a word with you?
They both leave, leaving Jackie all by herself in the
Nicolet continues, Dargus takes a seat in the corner
Louis Gara's dead. L.A.P.D. found him
dead in a car on Ninth. And we've
I thought you were watching him.
We were, and we lost him. He walked
into a strip bar sometime around
three thirty and never came out. The
bar was on Ninth, less than a mile-
and-a-half from where Louis was found
dead. It looks like Louis's friend
shot him twice at point blank range.
We pick up Ordell. We've got three
murders we can link him to. We have
the storage unit where he keeps his
guns, by tomorrow we'll have a search
warrant to go in and get him. And we
Do you think I took some of that
I have no evidence of your taking
anything. You didn't pay for your
snazzy new suit with marked bills; I
was glad to see that. You've been
helping us out, you gave us Melanie
and Louis. Melanie had a packet of
marked bills stuffed in her shorts
when they found her, which goes a
long way backing up your story.
I'll settle for Ordell with the
If you have something else going on
you haven't told me about, it's
between you and Ordell. All I gotta
say is, you better hope we find him
... I can't leave here today... Mr.
Walker, I ain't goin' nowhere till I
get my money... You wouldn't have
that fuckin' boat weren't for me.
Man, I'm learnin' real fast who my
Ordell turn to a glassy-eyed black female junkie nodding
on the couch named RAYNELLE. The filthy apartment we're
Motherfucker hung up on me. Ingrate
nigger. Do things for people and
that's how they treat you. Goddamn
girl, how can you live like this?
Let me speak to Max Cherry.
Winston behind his desk, on the phone.
Def Comedy Jam plays on TV, a black comedian does a nasty
Ordell and Raynelle sit on the couch watching Def Comedy
Jam; neither one is laughing. Raynelle's too stoned.
Ordell's too tense. The phone rings, he jumps on it
Max on the other end behind his desk. Winston sitting on
the edge of the desk listening.
Ordell's up and off the couch pacing.
Mister Robbie, isn't it? I have the
ten thousand you put up. Isn't that
Livingston you moved over to cover
They decided to no-file. Tell me
where you are and I'll bring you your
Looky here, I know you helped her and
I know you know what I want Jackie
can tell me any story come in that
pretty head of hers. Long as at the
end of that story, she hands over my
money. She do that, we're still
friends. Now, she don't wanna be my
friend no more, tell her to think
about ol' Louis. And if she tries to
turn me in, I'll name her ass as my
Hand in handcuffed hand. Now that
shit's a promise, understand what I'm
sayin'? You tell her that, and I'll
Ordell hangs up. Back in control. He looks to the TV. One
of the COMEDIANS cracks a joke. Ordell laughs.
You're right, that was Ordell. You
have time, you think you could find
out for me where he's staying?
Sure thing. I don't have to know what
I'm doing, long as you know.
I think I do. Is that good enough?
A low-rent motel. We hear a phone ring inside one of the
Jackie lies on a hotel bed, wearing a long t-shirt and
panties, watching TV that's chained to the wall.
Max on the phone in his office, alone.
This gets her attention. She picks up the remote to the
TV set and zaps the sound.
All Winston had to do was ask around.
Ordell's living in Long Beach with a
How does Winston find him if A.T.F.
and all the local Police can't?
People talk to Winston. He's street,
same as them, they trust him. They
get busted, they know somebody who
can bond them out. I thought I might
drop in on him. He'll no doubt be
On the phone I told him I have the
ten thousand he put up for your bond.
I could bring the money and the
papers for him to sign. Walk out and
Everybody wants him, he's a homicide
suspect. It doesn't matter who brings
him in, he's gonna name you as an
That's why A.T.F.'s gotta make the
wouldn't have a case without me. If
it's his word against mine, who are
Phone in one hand, smoke in the other, Jackie begins
It never was, so I'm not gonna start
worrying about it now. Look, Ray more
or less believes my story, and he
more or less doesn't care. All he
really gives a shit about is getting
So how do we give Ordell to Nicolet?
Get Ordell to come to your office.
Tell him you want to see him?
Tell him I want to give him his
I've chickened out. I'm afraid of
Ordell called and wants to meet me
We get Ordell to come to my office.
Nicolet - is he already there, or
does he come busting in while we're
What if he hears something he's not
Well, we don't let that happen, now
Max at the front door or Raynelle's apartment. He pounds
What the fuck you doin' knockin on
the door like the goddamn police? You
I thought you might be asleep.
You keep fuckin' with me, you're
Max enters, Ordell slams the door.
As Ordell turns away from the door, Maxis reaching into
his coat. Ordell brings his Beretta up at Max.
Max freezes, his hand in his coat pocket.
You want your money? Your bond
He takes his hand out, it's holding stack of bills
wrapped in a rubber band. He tosses it to Ordell, who
catches it with his free hand.
I have a bond receipt for you to
You know what the fuck I'm talkin'
She wants to give you your money. If
she didn't, there'd be cops batter-
How the fuck did he find me?
That's what Winston does. He finds
people who don't want to be found.
Well, bully for that nigga. You say
she wants to give me the money, huh?
Well, give it to me then.
She wants to give it to you herself
and collect her ten percent. She also
wants to explain why she had to hold
I'd like to hear that too. Turn
around and put your hands on your
Max does this, Ordell pats him down.
already tried to get Jackie to go in
with her, split the half million
amongst themselves. What she did was
take quite a risk to see you get your
Lift up your pant leg. You help her?
All I did was walk out with it.
And you did that to protect my
My ass be dumb, but I'm not a
dumbass. Go sit over there on the
You get used to it after a while. Now
tell me where my money's at.
She wanted to see me, why wasn't she
She still is. She doesn't want to get
shot before she can tell you what
Have her bring the money here.
It's in the safe. She can't get at
Call her, tell her the combination.
I'm telling you, you got her spooked.
She won't leave there till you have
You expect me to just walk in there?
If she wanted to set you up, you'd be
in custody right now. When you said
you'd name her as an accessory she
believed you. That scares her more
That's why she's givin' up my money
huh? Not that bullshit about Melanie.
I didn't trust her ass neither, but I
knew how to handle her. She was my
fuckin' told Louis he could've just
given her a punch in the mouth, he
didn't need to shoot her. She's at
By herself. That big mandingo nigga
I call your office, she better answer
Jackie on the phone with Ordell, sitting behind Max's
I'll be here. Se ya' in a bit.
She hangs up the phone. Then starts dialing again...
A STEDICAM glides through the apartment, it falls on a
beeper "beeping", a gun, a wallet and car keys on a
dresser drawer... it leaves that and lands on a TV
screen: Tom Snyder is interviewing a guest on his show
... it leaves that and falls on two empty and one quarter-
filled beer bottles... it leaves that and falls on a
sleeping Ray Nicolet passed out in his reclining chair.
The sound of Tom Snyder and the faint beeping are heard
They leave the apartment walking to Max's car.
All the time I've known her, I never
heard her sound scared like that.
Ordinarily she's too cool for school.
Max hands him the keys. They climb in.
Jackie sitting behind the desk. She opens the drawer to
her right, Max's . sits there. She closes the drawer.
Ordell behind the wheel, Max the passenger. Ordell plays
the radio, he likes the song and turns it up.
Sitting alone in the office, she gets up and turns off
the lights. The office goes dark. No music.
The song plays LOUD. Ordell moves his head to the music
slightly. Mak sits silently in the passenger seat,
sneaking a look at Ordell every once in a while.
Sitting behind Max's desk in the dark. She takes out her
Davidoffs and lights one up with her Bic. Her face is
illuminated for a moment - then it's out. She exhales a
His face is ice, the music is LOUD.
She's cool as a breeze, smoking her brand. No music.
Music is LOUD. Ordell's driving. Max says;
Sitting behind Max's desk. Headlights shine in the
window. She is lit by them. She puts out her Davidoff and
sits back in the chair. The light source cuts off.
Sitting in the parked Cadillac. Ordell has just turned
off the lights and turns to Max, Beretta in hand.
My money's in that office, right?
She starts givin' me some bullshit
about it ain't there. It's somewhere
else and we can go get it.
I'm shootin' you in the head right
then and there. Then I'm gonna shoot
her in the kneecap, find out where my
godamn money is. I go walkin' in
there and that nigga Winston or
anybody else is in there, you're the
first man shot, understand what I'm
Now, is there anything you want to
tell me before we get out of this
They both get out of the Cadillac. Ordell sticks his gun
Get ahead of me and open the door.
Max steps in front of him, puts his keys in the lock and
Max sees; Jackie sitting at his desk in the dark.
Ordell sees this, too and moves past Max.
Hey, girl, what the hell you sitting
Max sees; Ordell moves past him... then he sees the
bathroom door on the left side of the desk open, throwing
light into the room, onto Jackie and the figure who steps
out of the bathroom... Mark Dargus.
Max sees; Ordell looks to Dargus, then back to Jackie.
Max sees; Ordell almost jumps, his arm goes to the
... just as Dargus raises his gun and SHOOTS him three
... Ordell drops o the ground like a sack of potatoes, he
Max looks down and sees Ordell's head by his shoes, look
of panic still on his face, dead as fried chicken.
Max sees Dargus come over, bending on one nee next to
Max looks over at Jackie, still behind the desk. She
looks eyes with Max for a moment, then stands and walks
Then Max sees ONE SHERIFF DEPUTY step out of the dark
holding a shogun ... then another... then Winston step
Does he have the marked bills on him?
Dargus reaches in and pulls out the envelope containing
She looks down at the dead Ordell with no expression,
I went to give him his refund, so he
How'd you know where he was?
And you didn't tell the Police?
I told Jackie, and Jackie said you
Dargus looks down at he man he just killed.
Remember when Ray said you hoped
you'd get him before he got me?
Dargus looks up and nods his head.
She takes a drag on her Davidoff.
As opposed to the last scene late at night, it's early
morning. Max sits at his desk, filling out a report.
Max looks up and sees Jackie Brown, standing in the
MAX FLASHES ON Jackie behind the desk.
I got your package. It was fun
Yeah, your fee. I had to figure that
out, since there wasn't no note.
She sits in the chair in front of his desk.
Only this isn't a bail bond, Max.
You worked for it - if you're sure that's all
I'm leaving, I have my things in my
car. Why don't you walk out with me?
I want to show you something.
Come on, Max. I won't hurt you.
He smiles and gets up from the desk.
I saw Ray the other day. Boy is he
pissed he missed all the excitement.
He's on to a new thing. He's after a
guy who owns a gun shop he says is
assault rifles to minors. He says
he's gonna take him down if it's the
Did you tell him you were leaving?
They walk outside and Max sees Ordell's black Mercedes
stuff. But this one's sorta left
over. The registration's in the glove
box, the keys were under the seat...
What's a matter" haven't you ever
She walks around to the other side of the car, and looks
at him across the black Mercedes.
blame anybody for anything I do.
Do you blame yourself for helping me?
'd feel a whole lot better if you
Start off in Madrid. Ever been there?
I hear they don't eat dinner till
Thanks, but you have a good time.
Sure I can't twist your arm?
Thank you for saying that, but no. My
I thought you were tired of your
Max smiles and holds up two fingers, close to each other.
They give each other a long, tender kiss.
I'll send you a postcard, partner.
BLACK AND WHITE CU of a WOMAN
lying on the floor, looking up. The woman on the floor has
just taken a severe spaghetti-western-style gang beating. Her
face is bloody, beaten up, and torn. The high contrast B/W
turning the red blood into black blood.
A hand belonging to the off-screen Man's Voice ENTERS FRAME
holding a white handkerchief with the name "BILL" sewn in the
corner, and begins tenderly wiping away the blood from the
young woman's face. Little by little as the Male Voice
speaks, the beautiful face underneath is revealed to the
But what can't be wiped away, is the white hot hate that
shines in both eyes at the man who stands over her, the
In another    age men who shook the world for their    own purposes
were called    conquerors. In our age, the men who    shake the
planet for    their own power and greed are called    corrupters.
And of the    world's corrupters Bill stands alone.    For while he
corrupts the world, inside himself he is pure.
          I bet I could fry an egg on your
head about now, if I wanted to.
He continues wiping away the blood.
          No kiddo, I'd like to believe, even
now, you're aware enough to know
there isn't a trace of sadism in
my actions... Okay - Maybe towards
these other jokers - bot not your.
We see for a moment, A WIDE SHOT looking down at the woman on
the floor. Bill  bent down over her. Four others
in black suits, standing over her (three are female, one is
male). And about four DEAD BODIES lying in their own blood.
We also see we're in a wedding chapel that's been redecorated
by blood death and gunfire. And firstly or lastly, depending
on the viewer, that the woman on the floor is dressed in a
This woman is our Heroine, and from this moment forth she
will only be referred to as The BRIDE.
Back to CU of The BRIDE.
The BRIDE on the floor. Her pretty face is wiped clean.
          No Kiddo at this moment, this is me
While still in her CU The Bride speaks for the first time in
the picture. She looks up at the man standing over her and
          Bill, I'm pregnant. It's your baby.
After saying the "y" in "baby", we hear a BANG and The Bride
receives a bullet in the side of her head.
B/W CU of a Young MAN in a TUXEDO. Shot to death.
The BRIDE speaks to us in a VO;
CU A PRETTY YOUNG WOMAN in a frilly pink dress with two
CU A PLUMP YOUNG WOMAN, shot to death, wedding bouquet still
          That's my best friend from work
AN OLDER MAN IN A BLACK SUIT shot fulla holes.
          That's the minister. I think his
A DEAD OLDER WOMAN by his side in an old-fashioned flower
A DEAD OLDER WOMAN slumped over an organ.
          Organ player, don't know her name.
          name on his driver's license was
Maybe if he went by Carles people
would have called him Charlie. If
that was his reason for going by
Charlie, except he didn't look like
a Charlie, he looked like an
Obviously you'll have to take my
word on this. Speaking of names, I
was about two seconds away from
          And that, that's me. I'm the Bride.
We do a DISSOLVE from the Bride looking dead in the bridal
The Bride, still in B/W, still in a bridal gown, but the
asswippin she took in the scene before must have been in the
past, because she looks like a million dollars
The Bride behind the wheel of a Volkswagen Karman Ghia
convertible. Her long blodne hair whipping in the wind. A
          Looked dead, didn't I? Well I
wasn't, but it wasn'T for lack fo
trying, I can tell you that.
Actually Bill's last bullet put me
in a coma. A coma I was to lie in
When I woke up, ...I went on what
as a Roaring Rampage of Revenge. I
roarded and I rampaged and I got
killed  people to get to this
          The one I'M driving to right now.
And when I arrive at my
As a female-sung ballad of heartbreaking lament plays on the
soundtrack, we see the credits of "Kill Bill" play over the
Bride in her bridal gown, driving to the film's climax.
The sequence ends with the Bride arriving at Bill's home.
EX CU The BRIDE's EYEBALL IN GLORIOUS COLOR
CU of The BRIDE IN GLORIOUS COLOR
She's sitting in a parked pickup truck. Her eyes focused on
A very homey three-bedroom house in the affluent suburb of
Pasadena, California. A purple Dodge Neon sits parked in the
driveway. A tricylce, a big wheel, and a few toys sprinkle
the grass on the front yard. A mailbox with the name "The
BELLS" on it sits out in front of the lawn. We hear but don't
We hear a Car Door Open and Close....THEN....The Bride Walks
into the shot, heading for the front door.
EX CU: A long, white female finger pushes a doorbell.
The front door opens and an attractive black HOUSEWIFE the
same age as The Bride stands in the doorway.
The Housewife's face shows immediate recognition of the
on the porch; we do a quick Shaw-Brothers-style Zoom into her
(That means our Heroine is remembering something, and we see
it with an orange filter.) We're back inside the wedding
chapel. The Bride is taking the beating of her life by four
people in black suits. A black woman PUNCHES HER in the
face... WE see it's the black housewife, five years earlier.
We Zoom quick out of her eyes to CU, a VENGEANCE THEME PLAYS
LOUD ON THE SOUNDTRACK. (Whenever we hear this theme
throughout the picture, we'll quickly learn what accompanies
it is The Bride goin Krakatoa all over whoever's ass happens
to be in front of her at that moment.) As the Vengeance Theme
plays, a Vein in The Bride's forehead begins to pulsate. When
the Vengeance Theme stops, The Bride ATTACKS The Housewife.
The white woman and the black woman FLY into the center of
the living room, CRASHING onto her coffe table in front of
These two wildcats go at each other savagely, TUMBLING OVER
the couch, clawing and scratching all the way, landing
KICKS The Bride, sending her CRASHING backwards into the
small table where the phone, a note pad , and
The Housewife scrambles up on her feet, but is caught by a
FLYING TACKLE from behind by The Bride that sends them both
An ornamental iron and tempered-glass bookcase that has
framed family photos, display toys, some African art, and a
collection of painted commemorative plates depicting the
negro experience in the American military. Starting with a
plate featuring Cripis Atkins in the revolutionary war, negro
troops in union blue during the civil war, Buffalo soldiers
fighting Indians, the Jim Crow troops of the first world war,
the colored troops of world war two, Korea, Vietnam, and
finally Colin Powell....The Bride and The Housewife CRASH
THROUGH all this reducing everything to rubble.
They land hard on the floor covered in broken glass, locked
in grapple, each trying to get the best of the other one,...
When The Housewife HEADBUTTS The Bride in the nose.
hops off The Bride, runs into the kitchen, opens a drawer and
comes out with a HUGE MOTHERFUCKIN BUTCHER KNIFE.
rises from the floor, and WHIPS OUT a KNIFE in a sheath
hanging from her belt known as a SOG. (A SOG is a long,
double-edged knife that's as sharp as a razor, and is what
Navy Seals use to kill humans with.)
The Bride backs up into the mess of the now totally
The two    woman stalk each other, each holding her blade, each
looking    like they know how to use it, each waiting for the
other to    make a mistake so they can plunge their blade deep
Blood and sweat dript off of the faces of the two women
locked in life and death combat......
....When The back kitchen door opens, and a FOUR-YEAR-OLD
LITTLE GIRL, carrying a lunch box steps inside.
The two warrior women whose eyes reflect only combat
concentration, suddenly switch upon hearing the four-year
old's voice. The Housewife's eyes flash a look of pleading to
The Bride seems to answer back; "Okay."
The Black woman and the white woman hide their edged weapons
behind their backs, as the Four-Year-Old Little Girl walks
into the newly destroyed living room.
The Housewife switches to her mommy voice.
The Little Girl is flabbergasted at the mess, and the
condition of her mother, who looks like she's just been in a
             Mommy, what happened to you and the
          Oh, that good for nothin dog of
yours, got his little ass in the
living room and acted a damn fool,
She says it with the slightest hint of skepticism, then tries
          Now baby, you    can't come in here,
there's broken    glass all over the
floor, and you    gonna cut yourself.
The little girl's eyes go to the blonde lady in the living
room who she ain't never seen before, who also looks like
The Bride smiles at the confused Little Girl.
          This is a old friend of mommy's I
ain't seen in a long time.
* Whenever during the picture somebody says The Bride's real
name, it will be BLEEPED OUT ON THE SOUNDTRACK, ...that is,
till I want you to know. *
The shy, suspicious little girl doesn't say anything, she
just stares at the blond lady.
          Nikki. What a pretty name for such
a pretty little girl. How old are
Nikki still says nothing, only stares.
          Four years    old, aye. You know I
once had a    little girl. She'd be
five right    now. Maybe you two could
          Now baby, me an ** have some
grown-up talk to talk about, so you
go in your room now and leave us
alone till I tell you to come out.
The child doesn't move, so the mother repeats herself.
Nikkia - in your room - now.
The little girl slowly walks away and disappears behind the
The two women turn to face each other, masquerade and combat
The two women move into the kitchen. The Bride re-sheaths her
SOG, and The Housewife puts the butcher knife back in the
The Bride sits down at the kitchen table, while The Housewife
As The Housewife fixes the coffee, we hear The Bride's
Jeanne Bell. Her husband is Dr.
Lawrence Bell. But back when we
her name was VERNITA GREEN. Her
The two combat artists sit at the kitchen table, drinking
coffee out of Vernita's coffee mugs.
          Yes and no. Bill got in touch with
me right after you woke up, and
then again a little later after
So I suppose it's a little late for
Vernita says to the Bride across the table furiously but with
          Look bitch, I need to know if
          You can relax for now. I'm not
going to murder you in front of
Bill led me to believe you were
comes to the subject of me, and
what I'm thinking, and what I might
She pauses for effect -- the ham.
          I'll wait for now, but I won't wait
for long. I'll allow you to choose
a time and place for us to meet
again, preferably as far away from
I could have just HIT you, I
didn't, I demand respect for that.
Since this is not a HIT, consider
it a DUEL. And as two former Deadly
Vipers, we will observe Viper rules
of honor. One on one - no help - no
weapons - on weapon of choice - our
          - I'm not through telling you.
Failure to keep our date, or
duplicity of any kind, will result
in me putting a xoxo hollow point
bullet into the back of your skull
from a window of a building across
school. Now, feel free to respond.
          Look...I know I fucked you over. I
fucked you over bad. I wish to God
The blonde listens to the black woman with a poker face.
          If I could go back in a machine I
would, but I can't. All I can tell
you is I'm a different person now.
          Be that as it may, I know I do not
However, I beseech you for both on
          -- Bitch, you can stop right there.
The B-word stops Vernita short, almost like a cold-handed
slap in the face (it should affect the audience that way as
Just because I have no wish to
murder you before the eyes of your
her around in front of me is going
to inspire sympathy. You and I have
          And not    a goddamn fuckin thing
you've    done in the subsequent five
up - is    going to change that.
          You have every right to wanna get
          -- But that's where you're wrong,
Vernita. I don't want to get even.
To get even, even Steven. I would
have to kill you, go into Nikki's
room, kill her, then wait for your
old man, Dr. Bell, to come home and
kill him. That would make us even.
No, my unborn daughter will just
hafta be satisfied with your death
Vernita knows no matter what else is said, blood will spill.
          It all depends... When do you want
to die? Tomorrow? The day after
tomorrow? That's about as long as
our little league has its games,
about a mile from here. We meet
morning, dressed all in black, your
hair in a black stocking, and we
have us a knife fight, we won't be
          bothered. I have to fix Nikki's
As they continue to talk, Vernita pulls down a cereal bowl
for her daughter and lays it on the kitchen counter.
          Bill said you were one of the best
ladies he'd ever seen with an edged
Vernita moves to another kitchen cabinet, and pulls down a
box of the sugar cereal, "Kaboom."
          Fuck you, bitch, I know he didn't
qualify it, so you can just kiss my
As the two females continue to talk, Vernita reaches her hand
          Weapon of choice? And if you want
to stick with your butcher knife,
Vernita FIRES A GUN from inside the cereal box at The
.... The bullet explodes out of the cardboard box, and HITS
the coffee mugh directly in front of The Bride, BLOWING IT TO
The Bride THROWS HERSELF ON THE FLOOR....
Vernita pulls the gun out of the cereal box and FIREES
...The bullet HITS THE FLOOR of the tiny kitchen...
...The Bride moves under the kitchen table, then using her
back, LIFTS THE TABLE OFF THE GROUND, RAMMING IT STRAIGHT
INTO Vernita, pinning her flat up against the table top, and
While her left hand holds the table,    her right hand goes to
the SOG on her belt, her fingers wrap    around the blade's
grip, lifting it up out of the sheath    and PLUNGING IT THROUGH
THE TABLE TOP up to the handle, with    all the SOG's steel
The table falls back to the floor with the dying homemaker
pinned to it. The two former colleagues meet eyes.
             Do to your daughter, what you did
The Bride removes her Sog, looks up and sees little Nikki
standing in the doorway of her room. The little girl sees her
mother dead on the floor, lying in her own blood. And she
sees the blonde lady standing over her mother, bloody knife
still in her hand. But oddly enough, Nikki doesn't cry. The
little girl locks eyes with the big girl, and holds her
As she    talks to the little girl, she removes an already
stained    with blood white handkerchief with the name "BILL"
sewn on    it. And the blonde wipes the girl's mother's blood
             It was not my intention to do this
in front of you. For that I'm
sorry. But you can take my word for
it, your mother had it coming. When
you grow up, if you still feel raw
And with that apology, statement, and invitation, The Bride
walks out the kitchen side door, leaving the little girl to
The Bride walks down the dead woman's driveway to her
vehicle. She glances at the lawn toys one more time as she
She climbs into her big, yellow pickup truck, with the words
"Pussy Wagon" written across the flatbed's hatch door in a
pimpy font. She takes out a ringed notebook and turns to a
On the pager are five names numbered going down the page
The first name has a line drawn through it with black ink.
The second name on the list is;
The Bride takes a black felt pen and draws a line through
Vernita's name. Turns on the truck's engine and drives out of
lying in her hospital bed, wide open unblinking sightless
eyes, that constantly stare yet see nothing. The Bride is at
the beginning of her comatose journey.
"Five years and four months earlier
in the city of El Paso, Texas"
Although we're only in a tight CU, we can tell a few things:
one, she's in her hospital room; two, she's alone; three,
it's night; and four, one hellva RAINSTORM is pounding
The rain pisses down in buckets in front of the hospital...
The wheel to an Alfa Romeo rolls into FRAME and stops.
The car door opens and two yellow galoshes step out into the
A red umbrella opens as rain falls down.
CU the back of a head wearing a yellow rainslicker hood,
framed by the red umbrella above it, which water cascades
down and beats a rhythm against.
The figure in the yellow rainslicker with the red umbrella
CU The Bride's unblinking        The back of the yellow
comatose sleep.                  slicker - walking in the
CU The Bride in her coma         CU the hospital's
CU The BRIDE                     EX CU OF A WHITE
The door marked "ladies" is opened, and a beautiful -foot
blonde in a white nurse's uniform, with a matching white eye
patch over her left eye, steps out, carrying the nurse's tray
with the "Goodbye forever"-filled syringe on it.
She walks down the corridor towards The sleeping Bride's
The Bride, alone in her bed, alone in her coma, alone in her
Elle Driver opens the door to her room and steps inside.
The female assassin approaches the comatose woman.
looking down at her sleeping target, victim, rival, and
Elle standing over The Bride's hospital bed, says to her;
          I might never of liked you. Point
in fact I despise you. But that
you. You were a master of a
Dying in our sleep is a luxury our
kind is rarely afforded. My gift to
As she lifts the syringe off the tray....
She curses to herself...there can be only one person on the
I'm standing over her right now.
The female assassin turns away from the wide-eyed stare of
The Bride, and paces the hospital room talking in the cell
          Don't fuckin ssshhh me! If you
think I came all the way down to
Texas - in a dog and cat rainstorm
no less - just to tuck sleeping
beauty in bed - you got another
Oh you're not are you? Well Bill,
you never leave a job half done.
A great teacher taught me that
once, he looked a whole lot like
Elle pauses as Bill on the other line has his say. We don't
hear his side, we stay with Elle as he talks. We can tell by
her face, he's making some sense. After awhile she answers
No, I don't need to guess, I know.
I love you too, bye bye.
The female assassin puts the phone away and looks down at The
comatose Bride with the open eyes. Even though her face is
expressionless, she almost seems to be smiling.
didn't ya? Word of advice shithead,
Elle leans closer to the Bride's face.
          Ya know now I get a better look at
you, you're not so damn pretty.
Yeah, you go that Venus thing going
for you but...ya know, now I get a
closer look at you you're kinda
weird looking. You got this big
nose that doesn't fit with the rest
of your face, your eyes are two
different sizes. And look at your
The Bride does one of her motor reflex functions...She SPITS
Elle springs up, wipes the spit off her cheek and looks down
at The comatose Bride in her bed.
She grabs The Bride by the front of her hospital gown...
....Yanks Her up to a sitting position...
...And PUNCHES her hard in the face three times.
          If you ever take your ass out of
this Goddamn bed for as long as you
fuckin live, I will beat you into
Elle Driver in her nurse's uniform, angrily walks down the
hallway. She passes by a DOCTOR, STRUGGLING WITH A PATIENT
Nurse come here quick, we're losing
She walks out of the SHOT.
The CAMERA is in a corner of the ceiling, looking down on the
comatose Bride, who lies motionless in her bed.
WE HEAR the sound of a BUZZING MOSQUITO, doing loop de loops
and figure eights in the air, looking for some warm blood.
of mosquito on The Bride's forearm, its stinger dug in her
flesh, visibly drawing blood from its host.
drinking blood...when The Bride's hand comes into FRAME and
SQUASHES the bug flat. Her fingers FLICK the dead bug away.
her wide-open eyes, that have stared in a constant gaze for
The BRIDE SITS BOLD UPRIGHT IN BED.
She has no idea where the fuck she is. WE DO A SHAW BROTHERS
back at the wedding chapel, gun pointed down at our face.
QUICK CUT BACK TO The BRIDE IN HER HOSPITAL BED,
BANK still echoing in her ears. She lets out a SCREAM OF PAIN
and her hand goes to the side of her head, as if she were
Her hand feels the metal plate embedded in the side of her
skull where the hole was. She knocks against it with her
Her hand goes down to her belly, unly to find it not swollen
but flat. She doesn't understand, lifts up her hospital gown
and sees a JAGGED SCAR which runs down her abdomen. Her
She quickly looks at the palm of her and and counts the
MACRO CU The LINES IN HER PALM look like a road map.
The Bride's two eyes fill with tears as she realizes her baby
She hears the STEP...STEP...STEP...OF BILL'S BOOTS WALKING
BALLOON by her head. INSIDE OF IT WE SEE BILL'S BLACK BOOTS
walking across the wood floor of the wedding chapel.
We see a HOSPITAL ORDERLY'S bright red and white Reeboks
softly slapping against the smooth surface of the
institution's floor. They make a sound nothing like Bill's
The BRIDE listening to them            Orderly's Reeboks walking
getting closer. WE HEAR the            down the hospital
She's right in here.                She's right in here.
The Bride decides the best course    of action,    till she gets
her bearings, is to play possum.    She throws    herself back down
on the bed, just as the three men    enter her    room.
They see just what they expected    to see, The    Bride lying in
She duplicates her comatose eyes-wide-open-fixed stare.
Except knowing she's awake, and sees everything in front of
her, creates a slightly different effect.
The Bride, however, while she sees the Two Truckdrivers for
what they are, when she sees The Orderly she sees Bill, when
The Orderly talks she hears Bill. WE HOWEVER WILL NEVER SEE
The Orderly takes her shee covering off, and hitches up her
hospital gown till her blonde pussy is exposed. He does kind
of a "TA-DA" presentation of her vagina.
          Now is that the cutest little
blonde pussy you ever saw, or is
EYES WIDE OPEN PLAYING POSSUM. She can't believe she's being
exhibited in this manner. A look of chagrin crosses her
trying-to-be expressionless face, "I've seen a fuck load
          Yeah, in a movie - maybe. But I
know damn well this is the best
pussy you ever saw you had touchin
rights to. The price is seventy
five dollars a fuck gentlemen, you
gittin your freak on or what?
The Truckers pay the bill of fare.
As The Orderly counts The Truckers' money, he lays out the
          Here's the rules; Rule    number one;
Nurse comes in tomorrow    an she got
'er a shiner - or less    some teeth,
jig's up. So no knuckle    sandwiches
under no circumstances.    And by the
          way, this little cunt's a spitter -
it's a motor reflex thing but spit
or no, no punchin. Now are we
No monkey bites, no hickeys - in
fact no leavin no marks of no kind.
But after that, it's allll goooood.
Her plummin down there don't work
no more, so feel free to cum in 'er
all ya wont. Keep the noise down -
try not to make a mess, and I'll be
The Orderly turns to leave, then remembers something, and
turns back. He takes out the most disgusting jar of vaseline
in the history of cinema, and hands it to Warren.
          Oh by the way, not all the time,
but sometimes this cunt's cunt can
get drier than a bucket of sand.
If she dry, lube up with this and
you'll be goo to go. BON-APPETIT,
And with that, The Orderly's gone.
As soon as he leaves the Two Truckers start giggling. Warren
begins to unbuckle the belt that lies beneath his belly.
While he looks down to accomplish this, The BRIDE'S POV
          I know what he said, I'm tellin ya
Warren drops his Levi's to his ankles.
          Just wait, when I get through with
stand up and recite the Gettysburg
Warren begins to climb up on the bed and mount The Bride.
Before he does he stops, and looks back to Gerald.
          This shit ain't no peep show. Go
out in the hall and I'll let ya
          Awww c'mon, I gotta leave the room?
          I can't get no errection wit you
lookin at me, so go on.
Gerald leaves the room; we go out with him in the hallway.
Gerald paces, waiting for his turn behind the door.
He hears behind the door a commotion, then Warren SCREAM LIKE
A BITCH. He bangs on the closed door and says;
          He man, keep it down in there, I
can hear your ass out here.
More falsetto SCREAMS behind the door...
The HEAVY THUD of a body falling. Not what the expected.
Gerald pushes open the door to see one hellva sight. His
buddy, bloody and lying motionless on the floor, and The
Bride lying haphazardly on the bed, in her coma.
He moves to his buddy, who's dead. Then moves to The comatose
Bride... Who SUDDENLY SPRINGS TO LIFE, GRABBING him by the
front of his shirt, YANKING HIM DOWN TO HER, and PLUNGING the
I.V. NEEDLE in her arm DEEP INTO HIS TEMPLE, THEN TWISTING IT
AROUND and AROUND, turning the right side of his brain into
scrambled eggs a la The BRIDE.
She tosses the now brain-dead Gerald to the floor.
upon waking, without leaving the bed    where she lay the last
five years, has just killed two men.    She throws off the
bloody blankets, whips her legs off    the side of the bed, and
tries to stand - THEN QUICKLY FALLS    OUT OF FRAME. WE HEAR THE
The Bride is flat on the floor. Her legs and feet don't work.
Which means she's stuck on the floor with only a functioning
top half, and a completely useless bottom half. What's a girl
The elevator doors open, and The Orderly steps out.
She hears the sound of Bill's boots approaching the room...
She sees Gerald has a Trucker's knife in a holster attached
to his belt. Her hands removes it.
The Orderly swaggers down the hall to The Bride's room, red
Reeboks slapping against the smooth floor.
She SNAPS the knife's BLADE OPEN in her CU.
The Orderly pushes open The Bride's door, stopping in shock.
He sees an empty bed with bloodstains on it, Two dead
Truckers on the floor, and no Bride.
WE GO TO SLOW MOTION    as he freaks, Then PAN DOWN HIM... Past
shirts - pants - to    his Reeboks...Once on the floor WE SEE
The BRIDE, curled up    low next to the doorway, behind his
ankles, knife ready.    WE GO BACK TO  FRAMES A SECOND. He
steps into the room;    when he does The Bride reaches out and
SLASHES both of his    Achilles tendons.
lets out a "YELP," adn FALLS OUT OF FRAME.
The Orderly HITTING the floor face first. The boy is stunned.
crawls over and drags the stunned fucker across the floor,
placing his melon head between the door and the door frame.
Then taking the door in her right hand.
lies on the floor in a stange state of consciousness. He's in
both excruciating pain, and quite sure he's lost his mind,
since at this moment he's lying on the floor, looking up at
The comatose Bride asking him questions.
          ....Now do you tell me where he is,
or do I beat your fuckin brains in?
          Please please stop, don't hit me
Suddenly The Bride sees the gold coke straw around his neck,
that she thought she'd seen earlier on Bill. She snatches it
          Where did you get this from?
          Bullshit! I saw Bill wearing it in
Then The Bride looks down and sees two tatoos on the
Orderly's hand - one spelling "B.U.C.K." on each finger of
his left hand. And another spelling "F.U.C.K." on the fingers
The Bride seems to look inside her own mind - Whenever she
does this A SPECIAL THEME MUSIC WILL PLAY (We'll call it her
We see    Buck enter her room that first night, five years
ago....    He's holding in his hand one of those big flashlights
you use    in a tent when camping. -- It gives off a soft blue
light.    Buck examines The Bride through the blue.
             Well, ain't you the slice of cutie
pie they all said you wuz. Well
Ma'am, I'm from Longview Texas, my
name's Buck, and I'm here to fuck.
He starts to unbuckle his belt.
WE ZOOM OUT OF HER EYES INTO A CU. The REMEMBERING THEME CUTS
OFF. She looks down at Buck and says;
             Your name's Buck, right? And you
A "how the fuck does she know look," crosses his face.
The Bride looks down at him....The VENGEANCE THEME BEGINS
PLAYING LOUDLY ON The SOUNDTRACK, and the VEIN IN HER
FOREHEAD BECOMES PRONOUNCED and begins to PULSATE IN TIME
WITH The MUSIC. Every time The Bride comes face to face with
a tormenter, this Theme will play on the soundtrack. By mid
movie this music should drive the audience wild with orgasmic
anticipation of the carnage to come...
...and With the door in her hand and one mighty slam, this
Longview Texas boy is sent to the Promised Land.
She searches the dead man's    pockets,    coming up with a brown
wallet that says on it, "BIG    EL PASO    PIMPIN," loaded with
lettuce. She also pulls out    a set of    car keys on a pickup
truck key chain that has the    words,    "Pussy Wagon" on it
written in a pimpy font. She    gathers    up all these items, and
Gerald's knife, then begins    to strip    Buck of his orderly
The elevator doors to the hospital's underground parking lot
open, revealing The Bride in Buck's orderly scrubs in a
She wheels out of the elevator fast into the parking lot. Her
arms spinning the wheels as she goes down the line of cars,
looking for a pickup truck that Buck would own...she stops.
What made The Bride stop. The ass end of a big, yellow x
hard-body pickup truck, with flames painted along the side,
and the words, "PUSSY WAGON," written along the flat-bed
The Bride looks at Buck's key chain in her hand.
EX CU CAR KEY in truck door lock, it turns.
The Bride pulls herself up into the backseat of Buck's pickup
truck. Once in the backseat, she shoves the wheelchair away.
It rolls out of control down the parking ramp, and CRASHES.
Now The Bride's lying vertically in    Buck's truck's backseat.
Seemingly out of danger - at least    out of sight - but she's
still stuck hiding in the hospital.    And until she regains
full use of her legs and feet, this    little Bride ain't goin
Lying flat, with the back of her head propped up against the
door, her long, lifeless legs stretched out in front of her,
her two bare feet at the end of them, pointing to the sky,
the Bride focusses her eyes, her stare, her thoughts, her
strength, and all her concentration....on her big toe.
                As I lay in the back of Buck's
pickup truck, trying to will my
limbs out of entropy, I could see
the faces of the cunts who did this
to me, and the dick responsible.
For what looks like a 's television show about an ALL-GIRL
HIT SQUAD, complete with its own LALO SHIFFRIN THEME MUSIC.
Against a BRIGHT ORANGE BACKGROUND, A SNAKE WITH SIX HEADS
RACER-STYLE OF ANIMATION, rears its heads to strike.
The    IMAGE    FREEZES... AND THE SHOW'S TITLE (In an especially
cool    font)    AND LOGO (The black silhouette of five sexy gals
each    with    a samurai sword hanging from their hip, and one guy
in a    black    suit) APPEAR BENEATH IT.
WE SEE The BRIDE doing something cool...FREEZE
SCREEN GOES ORANGE except for a SCOPE-SIGHT RIFLE GRAPHIC
WITH CROSSHAIRS over The Bride's face. OFF TO THE SIDE IS HER
A beautiful Japanese woman wielding a samurai sword - FREEZE
VERNITA GREEN doing something cool - FREEZE
The older, male doing something cool - FREEZE
ELLE DRIVER doing something cool - FREEZE
As the DEADLY VIPER ASSASSINATION SQUAD OPENING THEME PLAYS
WE SEE VARIOUS SHOTS of The Vipers (all dressed alike in the
same BLACK, SKINTIGHT CAT SUITS, except for Budd, the male
who wears a BLACK SUIT) all doing exciting shit. It ends with
the reappearance of the six-heades snake logo, and the six,
WE MOVE INTO A HEAD and SHOULDERS CU OF The BRIDE'S BLACK
          Now after five years of beauty
fated by God vengeance would have
it, I who knew nothing - knew one
thing. As sure as God made little
WE MOVE FAST TO O-REN ISHII'S SILHOUETTE, The SILHOUETTE
BECOMES A POSED PICTURE OF O-REN in all her Deadly Viper
....if O-Ren Ishii, the first name
on my Death List, was still
alive... she'd live in Japan. O-Ren
with death at the age of eleven.
CU O-REN , hiding under a bed, watching...
...her FATHER (dressed in the uniform of a sergeant for the
American Army) fighting THREE YAKUZA GANGSTERS. He kills one
with his bare hands. The other two slice him to death with
...and her MOTHER being raped by the same men. When they
Little O-Ren watches, hidden from sight, withi the eyes and
             It was at that age, a half-Chinese,
witnessed the murder of her Master
Sergeant father. And the rape, then
murder of her mother at the hands
CHEST. A STREAM OF RED BLOOD SHOOTS UP OUT OF HIM like a
geyser. Boss is naked, O-Ren wears a Japanese schoolgirl
             At thirteen, she got her revenge.
The Boss's screams cause TWO OF BOSS'S MEN to run into the
room, only to be SHOT DOWN by O-Ren, as she removes a gun
from a holster strapped to her thigh.
on a rooftop with a high-powered, scope-sight rifle up to her
eye. Her EYE is HUGELY MAGNIFIED in the SCOPE.
             By twenty, she was one of the tip
top of female assassins in the
A Central American General riding backseat    of his government
vehicle. TWO BEAUTIFUL LATIN WOMEN in one-   piece bathing suits
sit on either side of him. They both wear    sashes down their
front; one reads, "Miss Panama," the other    reads, "Miss
Venezuela." As we cut to this shot, he has    both hands on each
of their bare knees. He's laughing as the    TOP OF HIS HEAD is
stands before Bill and The Bride. (Bill is not clearly
BEATING UP the pregnant Bride with the other Vipers...
          At twenty five she did her part in
daughter, in a small wedding chapel
in El Paso Texas. But on that day,
five years ago, she made one big
POSED FIGURE of the BRIDE in all her pre-beating bridal gown
CU The BRIDE IN BUCK'S TRUCK
An hour and a half later from the last time we saw her.
          Hart part's over. Now let's get
Pavement of the parking lot. We HEAR a CAR DOOR OPEN
OFFSCREEN, then The Bride's bare foot comes from above FRAME,
She walks around to the driver's side and climbs in.
She sticks Buck's ignition key in its slot and turns.
The truck's engine RUMBLES to life.
She spies a pair of Elvis T.C.B. SUNGLASSES lying on the
The Bride drives Buck's big, yellow pussy wagon all over El
WE FOLLOW Her bare feet into a clothing store.
Her feet, legs, and ass slip into a new pair of LEVI'S.
Her hands grab a pair of CHERRY BROWN COWBOY BOOTS.
Then slips on the cowboy boots.
She opens Buck's "BIG EL PASO PIMPIN" wallet, and pays for
She emerges from the store wearing her new outfit, and climbs
She drives, stopping at a DEPARTMENT STORE, and walking
She picks up a SHOVEL, a HAND PICKAXE, a big CAMPING
FLASHLIGHT, a MAP OF TEXAS, a writing NOTEBOOK, and a bunch
of RED and BLACK FELT PENS.
While the Bride is buying items in the department store we'll
....with her driving the pussy wagon up to a low-rent motel
...Her Registering with the OLD BASTARD of a desk clerk,
getting the key, and paying him out of the "BIG EL PASO
...her drawing a bath in the bathroom of the motel room...
Shampoo is taken off the shelf of the department store...
...hot water runs out of the bathtub faucet...
...steam rises off the hot bathwater...
...she pulls down a bunch of bath products, like bubble bath,
salts, apricot this - kiwi that, we see her pour all the
...then we see her bare foot enter the bathwater...
...then Lower her whole body into the bathwater...
...now submerged in the warm bathwater, by herself, perfect
MUSIC CUE ON SOUNDTRACK, she begins to cry...her poor heart
has been shattered and five years of tears come flooding out
She cries for the motherhood robbed from her...
She cries for all the innocent people at the wedding chapel,
who died simply because they were unlucky enough to cross her
She cries for the betrayal at the hands of her lover...
She cries for the treachery at the hands of her comrades...
She cries for the five years of life snatched from her...
She cries for the countless violations she endured while
And finally, she cries for all the misery she will cause the
that begins the minute she steps out of this bathtub.
She curls up into a fetal position inside the tub of warm
We DOLLY back...to give our heroine some privacy...WE
DISSOLVE through the bathroom door...Till we're on the other
side, filming a closed door with crying on the other side.
When she's finished shedding tears, is when she'll begin
When the bathroom door opens, the woman that emerges, has
closed out all of her emotions...save from one...revenge.
It's that woman, in her new outfit, that climbs into the
yellow pussy wagon, puts the T.C.B. Sunglasses over her eyes,
and starts the engine that sets into motion the gory story to
The truck shines its headlight beams on an open patch of
prairie wasteland. We see dirt, rocks, plants, and an oil
Taking her flashlight with her, The Bride walks into the
headlight beams towards one rock on the ground in particular.
She lifts it off the ground, there's an X on it's underside.
She    smiles.    If the X hadn't been there, she would have taken
it    as a sign    that her vengeance quest was never meant to be.
But    as it is    there, it would appear that fortune has smiled
on    The Bride    and her bloody intentions.
She walks back to the truck, takes the shovel and the hand
pickaxe out from the flatbed, reaches into the truck cab and
IN TIME WITH The METAL, The Bride's cowboy boots count out
When the boots stop, the flashlight ENTERS THE SHOT
illuminating the spot, THEN...the shovel ENTERS, striking
Deep in the middle of Fuck-Knows Texas, lit by the headlights
of Buck's x, The Bride digs a hole in the
She gets down on her knees, hacking away at the dirt with the
hand pickaxe, till a large box covered in plastic is
revealed. She hoists it up out of the earth.
She rips off the plastic, revealing a large, green Army
footlocker, untouched by the condensation of being buried in
the ground for over five years. Flipping the two locks open,
she lifts the lid, placing the big camping flashlight on the
Unfolding a sleeping bag long-ways, she bought at the
department store. The Bride begins collecting the contents of
her buried treasure, and laying them on the sleeping bag.
We see her remove them from the footlocker, one by one.
The HEAVY METAL CONTINUES ON THE SOUNDTRACK.
 MOSSBERG PUMP ACTION SHOT GUN w/ AMMO
 SILVER STEEL BOOMERANG, w/ a double-sided razor's edge
She flips it open, and inside broken down into four separate
pieces is a HIGH-POWERED, SCOPE-SIGHT RIFLE.
She reaches in and pulls out a PHOTOCOPY OF HER SONOGRAM.
There on the page is a photocopy of her unborn baby girl. A
fierce grimness crosses her face as she places the sonogram
 CLEAR ZIP-LOCK BAG containing a PHONY I.D. and BANK BOOK
both w/ the name "CANDY RALSTON" on them. Reaching back in
the locker she pulls out the final item,
 SMALL KEY attached to a "DEALY VIPERS" KEY CHAIN.
She rolls up the weapons in the sleeping bag, and drives off.
CU SIGN reading, COMMONWEALTH BANK OF TEXAS
standing at a teller window, she holds up her key.
INSERT:  BANK BOOK and  DRIVER'S LICENSE w/ The Bride's
photo on it and the name "CANDY RALSTON" on each.
The Bride, with a big athletic bag slung over her shoulder,
watches a TELLER remove four safety deposit boxes.
Where you look isnide your safety deposit box by yourself.
The Bride opens up the first box...
She opens up the second box....
She opens up the third box....
She opens up the fourth box....
....She Takes out a BAG. Inside the bag are  FORGED
PASSPORTS and DRIVER'S LICENSES in  different names.
Also in the box, is one COMPACT REFRIGERATOR CASE. She opens
it, inside are  BEAUTIFUL HANDMADE GOLD SYRINGES and  VIAL
AS The HEAVY METAL CONTINUES...WE see The BRIDE leaving the
bank, all the weapons she needs, all the money she needs,
taking the first step on her bloody trail...
The tiny figure of a black AIRPLANE flies over the map,
leaving a dotted-line trail behind it. We move into the black
of the Bride in her passenger seat, flying to Japan. We see
she's holding a clean white handkerchief. She's sewing the
The ENTRANCE to a tiny sushi bar, covered by a Japanese
....The fabric is moved aside, and The Bride enters the shot,
The little fish and sake bar is the definition of the word
cozy. Besides The Bride, the only other person inside is The
SUSHI CHEF, who smiles at her behind the midget bar.
This Japanese man in his mid-fifties greets the tall, blonde
western girl with a turned-on-for-the-tourists affability.
Welcome... My English -- Very good.
The Bride smiles at this and walks further inside. She
doesn't come across as one of the world's deadliest
assassins, but instead as a sweet, slightly airheaded,
The Sushi Chef gives an exaggerated look of surprise, and
          Oh, "Domo", Very good -- very good,
          Nooo, just a few words I learned
since yesterday. - May I sit at the
          Sure sure sure - sit. What other
words did you learn - excuse me --
The Sushi Chef YELLS IN JAPANESE, to someone OFFSCREEN.
The Bride thinks the restaurant so small it's almost hard to
imagine there could be a back room to it.
Before getting a response from whoever it was he was yelling
to a moment ago, The Sushi Chef turns back to The Bride.
          -- What other Japanese you learn?
The Bride puts on a thinking face.
The Sushi Chef goes "Oooh" like he's just discovered the
The Bride smiles and lets loose with a girlish giggle.
          Now you're making fun of me.
          No no no - serious business.
Pronunciation - very good. You say
          Well, thank you - I mean...arigato.
          You should learn Japanese - very
          No kidding, I heard it's kinda
Whenever the Sushi Chef doesn't either hear your or
understand you, he yells the word;
And everybody always speaks LOUDER and CLEARER immediately
          I always heard it was difficult.
          Yes yes yes - most difficult. But
          Maybe I was Japanese in another
The Sushi Chef proclaims as if he should know;
He sets an order of colorful, raw fish in front of the young
blonde woman, that not only looks good, it looks beautiful.
             How did you know tuna's my
He YELLS    OFFSCREEN in Japanese agai. A little BALD JAPANESE
MAN with    a shitty attitude, comes out from the back room. He
heads for    the tall blonde asking in a grumbly voice in
Japanese,    "What she wants to drink?"
             Oh yes, a bottle of warm sake.
In Japanese he YELLS/ORDERS the warm sake, the little Bald
Man disappears. The Bride takes a bite out of her fish.
          Yes, this is my first time.
As the chef slices the next portion with a large knife, he
          I came to see a man.
          Aaahh, you have friend live in
          Who is he, may I ask?
There's a break in the Sushi Chef's slicing. After a beat, he
brings a bloody finger INTO FRAME and sticks it in his mouth.
The little Bald man appears with a bottle of warm sake, he
pours one for The Bride, then disappears again.
As The Bride sips the sake, she looks at the chef.
As The Sushi Chef sucks his finger, he looks at The Bride.
The Sushi Chef drops the voice he had been using up to that
point...and IN JAPANESE SUBTITLED IN ENGLISH asks;
          What do you want with Hattori
          Why do you need Japanese steel?
          You must have big rats you need
The trap door in the floor opens up, and HATTORI HANZO (Sushi
Chef), climbs inside the room, followed by The Bride.
The room has many handcrafted samurai swords in hand-carved
wooden sheaths resting on wooden racks running the length of
the second half of the attic.
The Bride walks down the row of Japanese steel, looking and
touching the shiny wood. She looks behind her to Hanzo who is
still by the trap door, and says;
The Sushi Chef answers in ENGLISH;
          ...try the second one down in the
She finds it lying sleeping in its shiny, black sheath.
Her hand lifts it from the rack.
She UNSHEATHS the steel, partially....then with GREAT
He pulls a baseball out of his pocket.
THEN SUDDENLY - HE THROWS THE BASEBALL HARD, right at The
The two perfectly cut baseball pieces, hit the floor.
He gives her a slight nod, then crosses the attic towards
          I wanted to show you these....
However someone as you, who knows
so much must surely know, I no
longer make instruments of death. I
keep these here for their ascetic
Yet proud tho I am of my life's
          Then give me one of these.
          I didn't say, sell me. I said, give
          And why should I be obliged to
assist you in the extermination of
          Because my vermin, is a former
the student, I'd say you had a
Hattori Hanzo goes to a dusty window, and writes the name,
"BILL" on it with his finger.
The blonde girl nods her head yes.
The proud warrior moves over to the door in the floor,
          ...it will take me a week to make
.....before his head disappears, he says;
...he closes the door behind him.
She smiles slightly...then moves over to the window, takes
out a handkerchief, and wipes Bill's name off.
Under black we hear Hattori Hanzo's voice in Japanese and
          I'm done doing what I swore an oath
to God  years ago to never do
that kills people." And in that
TRACKING EX CU of the Hanzo sword in its shiny, black wood
sheath. At the base of the sheath, by the handle, he's carved
            I can tell you with no ego, this is
my finest sword. If on your
            Revenge is never a straight line.
It's a forest. And like a forest
it's easy to lose your way...to get
to forget where you came in. To
serve as a compass, a combat
philosophy must be adopted that can
be found in the secret doctrine of
the Yagu Ninja. And now my yellow
We go back and forth between CU of HANZO reciting the
doctrine like a samurai drill instructor and the Bride
vanquishing of thine enemy can be
            ...This is the first and cardinal
          ...Kill whoever stands in thy way,
even if that be Lord God, or Buddha
          This truth lies at the heart of the
art of combat. Once it is
one... Though the devil himself may
The Bride repeats this... Her eyes look at the greatest maker
of swords on this earth and says;
her white hand with her long fingers COMES INTO FRAME and
removes the beautiful, artful instrument of vengeance.
A hand comes    in and, as the Bride talks over this image,
draws with a    piece of charcoal, a portrait of the geisha
          When fortune smiles on something as
violent and ugly as revenge, at the
time it seems proof like no other,
that not only does God exist,
you're doing his will. At a time
when I knew the last about my
enemies, the first name on my death
list, was the easiest to find. But
          of course,    when one manages the
difficult    task of becoming queen of
keep it a    secret, does one?
The charcoal drawing gets color and becomes ANIMATED, turning
We see Japamation-style images of The Bride's verbiage.
          At the age of twenty, Bill backed
clans, over who would rule vice in
Japamation images of O-Ren and her Army, taking on ANOTHER
YAKUZA ARMY, among falling cherry blossoms.
WE CUT BACK AND FORTH between cartoon images of this and the
real life real McCoy samurai sword battle.
          When it was all over, it was the
O-Ren has just become the official leader of crime in the
city of Tokyo. The six Yakuza clan bosses, each with TWO
BODYGUARDS standing behind them, toast their new leader, with
much laughter and drinking...all except one...BOSS TANAKA.
          And just in case you're wondering
how could a half breed Japanese
Chinese American become the boss of
council only once. The night O-Ren
Boss Tanaka is the picture of angered ambiance among the
          The man who seems bound and
determined to break the mood is
Boss Tanaka. And what Boss Tanaka
Boss Tanaka brings his fist down on the table, smashing the
plate in front of him into itty bitty pieces.
The party comes to a halt as all eyes go to the leader of the
          Tanaka? What's the meaning of this
outburst? This is a time for
          And what exactly should I be
The Bosses all react with shock and outrage...O-Ren remains
cool. She raises her voice for the first word, but lowers it
for the rest of the sentence.
has something on his mind. Allow
council. And while you drink like
fish and laugh like donkeys, they
weep in the afterlife over the
Of what perversion do you speak,
Boss Tanaka looks at the female half-breed American and says;
which I love more than my own
Faster than you can say Jimminy Cricket,...
Boss Tanaka's head is liberated from its body...
And from the spot between its shoulder blades, a geyser of
blood shoots up in the air.
The BOSSES who were shocked at Tanaka's words are even more
The two bodyguard's, standing behind Boss Tanaka, hands go to
O-Ren turns her blade in their direction.
The Bosses and their bodyguards say nothing,...only watch.
The lady looks across at the two men and says in and
           Fight me or work for me.
They look at her for a moment, then they lower their swords.
           Put your foreheads on the floor.
The mistress' eyes got to the other bosses looking at her.
As she speaks English, bodyguard translators translate for
           I'm going to say this in English so
you know how serious I am. As your
leader, I encourage you to -- from
time to time and always in a
is final -- to question my logic.
plan of action I've decided is the
wisest, tell me so. But allow me to
convince you. And I will promise
you, right here and now, no subject
He picks it off the floor and meekly offers it to the Queen.
She takes it by the hair and holds it up as she speaks.
          The price you pay for bringing up
either my Chinese or my American
heritage as a negative is, I
Just like this fucker here. Now if
anything else to say, now's the
The entire O-Ren Ishii crew moves through the restaurant. The
CUSTOMERS all look up now as the crew passes. The restaurant
staff acts as if the Shogun himself has just showed up on
their doorstep demanding a meal. No doubt if the meal is not
satisfactory the staff will gladly slice off a finger. The
door to a private dining room is slid open, the crew steps
inside, the door is slid shut.
The private dining area of the Japanese restaurant. The
patrons are surrounded by white paper walls. The CAMERA
Sitting in between her, two personal bodyguards, the Yubari
sisters, YUKI AND GO GO. The Yubari sisters are younger than
O-Ren; Yuki is sixteen and Go Go is seventeen. Both girls are
dressed in Japanese schoolgirl uniforms complete with plaid
On her right is her French and Japanese lawyer, SOFIE FATALE.
The bunch of mop-topped young men, who all wear black suits,
white shirts, thin black ties and Kato masks over their eyes,
are her soldiers, "The CRAZY ."
EX CU OF AN EAR, The Bride's fingers come into FRAME and move
blonde hair out of the sensory appendage's way.
And finally there's a tall dark American in a black suit sans
Kato mask -- that's O-Ren's head of security, MR. BARREL.
They're all drinking and having a good time as Sofie tells a
          The mop tops in black suits and
"The Crazy ." The two young girls
in the schoolgirl uniforms are her
sisters. Yuki, aged sixteen, and Go
Go, aged seventeen. The pretty lady
who's dressed like she's a villain
on Star Trek is O-Ren's best friend
and her lawyer, Sofie Fatale. And
finally, the American in the black
suit but sans Kato mask, O-Ren's
SUDDENLY O-Ren hears something. Like a deer in the forest,
her head springs up on alert. It's almost as if she's
The Bride's NARRATION SUDDENLY STOPS IN MIDSENTENCE --
O-Ren removes a SMALL DAGGER-DART from the folds of her robe
and THROWS IT in the direction of the sound.
CU The BRIDE dressed in a kimono
on the other side of the private dining room's paper wall.
The DART FLIES THROUGH The PAPER, STREAKS BY HER FACE, almost
taking off the tip of her nose in the process.
O-Ren's action instantly brings the room's frivolity to a
halt. Mistress Ishii silently orders Go Go and Yuki to
The white paper door to O-Ren's dining room SLAMS OPEN. Yuki
and Go Go step into the corridor.
All trace of the Bride has vanished.
They look out over the restaurant, patrons look normal.
Whoever was there is gone now.
Go Go removes the small dagger from the wood post and the
Yubari sisters go back into the private dining room, SLAMMING
at the bar, in her kimono, drinking a colorful cocktail. She
observes all the activity by O-Ren's private dining room.
When the Yubari sisters go back inside, the Bride climbs off
her barstool and goes through the restaurant...into the
parking area...and up to her rental car. She opens the door.
Takes off her Japanese kimono, underneath is a one-piece
yellow track suit with a black stripe going down both sides,
like the one Bruce Lee wears in "Game of Death." She tosses
the kimono in the trunk, then removes the sheathed Hanzo
sword. With the sword of vengeance in her hand, we follow her
back inside the restaurant. She looks upstairs to the O-Ren
dining room. We see Yuki Yubari and Sofie Fatale, slide open
the door, and walk down the stairs together. When they get to
the bottom, they give each other a kiss goodbye, and Yuki
leaves the restaurant, while Sofie makes her way to the
bathroom...only to have The Bride, now dressed in her Bruce
Lee yellow outfit and samurai sword in her hand, bar her way.
between CU's of the two women, face to face.
           Yes, I am looking for the attorney
of O-Ren Ishii, Sofie Fatale. Would
The Bride PUNCHES her in the face.
Aside from drinking like fishes, what is the queen of the
Tokyo underworld - Mistress O-Ren Ishii - and her private
army doing when we cut back?
It's Crazy  MIKI's turn at the mike and he's having a whale
of a good time singing Dionne Warwick's "Walk On By," in
A COMMOTION is heard being made by the restaurant staff and
the other patrons, from the other side of the white paper
wall...Just as they all start to notice it, they hear;
          O-Ren Ishii! You and I have
The Crazy  spring to their feet. One slides open the door.
They see O-Ren's lawyer, Sofie Fatale, standing in the middle
of the restaurant, her left arm completely outstretched, hand
gripped around a post. She has a terrified look on her face.
Before anybody on O-Ren's side of the room can say anything
...The Bride steps out from behind Sofie.
reaction shows how effective the element of surprise turned
out to be. She says The Bride's name softly to herself; it's
The VENGEANCE THEME BURSTS ON THE SOUNDTRACK...The Vein on
her forehead begins to pulsate. WE DO A QUICK SHAW BROTHERS
ZOOM INTO HER EYES. A SPAGHETTI-WESTERN FLASHBACK of O-Ren
beating the shit outta her at the wedding chapel IS
SUPERIMPOSED OVER HER EYES. The FLASHBACK DISSOLVES, we ZOOM
BACK INTO A CU, the vein stops pulsating, and the theme STOPS
PLAYING OVER THE SOUNDTRACK, LEAVING A CLEAN, COLORFUL CU of
She raises her Hanzo sword, and Slices off Sofie's Arm at the
Spewing and Gushing Blood from her stump, twists her body in
agony, painting the floor and the walls with giant Splashes
of Red, as her body hits the floor, twitching in both
run out into the dining area and create a human wall between
take positions on either side of O-Ren.
seated in a shogun's seat, rises furiously to her feet.
The Bride does a swipe in the air with her sword; Sofie's
The entire floor of the dining room lies between the two
The restaurant's STAFF and PATRONS sit or stand rigidly in
O-Ren says loudly to the room;
we're going to have to close the
business that we must attend to
The Staff and The Customers Stampede the exits.
The Bride, The Crazy , and O-Ren hold    their ground without
moving a muscle, till the dining room,    as well as the entire
restaurant known as "The House of Blue    Leaves," is deserted
of every human not engaged in the face-   off that precedes
MIKI, one of The Crazy  , steps forward,
unsheaths his sword, and yells at the yellow clad blonde.
Raising his samurai sword high, he Charges, Screaming A
The Bride turns to face him.
The Bride slowly raises the Hanzo Sword into Striking
Miki Charging and Screaming, almost on top of her.
The Bride, sword in position, waits for her opponent to
Miki arrives at his destination, he Swings...
The Hanzo Sword Slices Miki's inferior blade in half. Miki
looks down at the impotent weapon in his hand.
The Bride Thrusts her sword through Miki's abdomen, then
Lifts the little guy off the ground straight up in the air.
Miki screaming, Impaled on her blade like a fish at the end
of a spear. Held up in the air, restaurant light fixtures in
O-Ren and her crew watch stunned.
The Bride Drops the shishkabobbed Miki into the koi pond that
starts outside the restaurant and ends inside, with a huge
blue splash. Koi pond - Blue water - Orange and yellow fish -
looks up from the pond, across the length of the    floor, into
She takes one step forward, hears the slightest    noise, Twirls
the samurai sword in the air once, drops to one    knee, and
thrusts the sword into the beige-colored carpet-   covered
floor. The sword sticks in the floor half way...
The Sound of human death rises from underneath the floor...
Looking down on The    Bride at one end and O-Ren and her crew
at the other. A Red    Circle appears where the blade is buried
in the floor...The    red circle grows larger...and larger...and
Leaving the sword stuck in the floor, handle sticking
straight up in the air, The Bride rises up from her one knee,
and straight and tall, staring down the queen of the Tokyo
her eyes narrow with rage. She screams out another order;
The six remaining Crazy  unsheath their swords at the same
time with a GREAT SOUND EFFECT.
Inside the circle of Combatants who surrounded her. She Whips
the sword out of the floor and raises her blade diagonally in
front of her. Her eyes are reflected in the shiny steel.
Holding her sword in the diagonal position, The Bride can see
reflected in the shiny blade, whoever stands behind her.
does a Zatoichi-like SWISH-SLASH-SWISH with her steel blade.
Four boys die an    immediate samurai blade-inflicted death,
The last two put up more of a fight...but then one of them is
SLASHED and FALLS and the last one is SLASHED AND CRASHES
THROUGH the restaurant's big picture window.
of The Bride, pointed down at the bodies by her feet,
...they Look back up at O-Ren.
standing in between Go Go and Mr. Barrel. Her eyes narrow.
swipes the air with her sword, the blood of the dead
We hear a LOUD SOUND of many ENGINES behind the Bride. Then
behind her, through the broken pictures window we see
seventeen motorcycles pull up to the parking lot. All the
riders wear black suits with kato masks, and all carry
looks from the reinforcements to O-Ren.
You didn't     think it was going to be
You know, for a second there, yeah
Both O-Ren and the Bride finish the phrase together,...
This is something they used to say back when they fought
alongside of each other as "Vipers."
The seventeen Crazy  reinforcements come running into the
restaurant and with drawn swords surround The Bride.
As a HEAVY METAL COMBAT BEAT begins to PULSATE ON THE
SOUNDTRACK, The Boys and The Bride have a Spaghetti Western
We do a  INSIDE the CIRCLE of The Crazy , who surround
the yellow-haired warrior. Not all have Samurai swords; one
JUGGLES TWO HATCHETS, another TWIRLS A THREE-STAFF TRIPLE
As the Heavy Metal music builds...We Cut to various Shots of
The Two Opposing Forces Preparing to Strike....Hands on Sword
....Until Heavy Metal reaches its Breaking Point...
...At that point, the Metal EXPLODES OVER THE SOUNDTRACK...IN
TIME WITH The BRIDE EXPLODING INTO A VIOLENT KILLING MACHINE
As she matches skill with the army of black-suited boys, arms
flailing, silver blade Clashing and Slashing, long blonde
hair whipping like a whirling dervish....
...She's a Goddess of War Venus.
Not only is the FIGHT CUT TO THE HEAVY METAL MUSIC, but The
Bride seems to be somewhat dancing to it as she fights.
This explosion of furious violence is punctuated
CINEMATICALLY BY THE COLOR IN THE FILM POPPING OFF, and the
fight being filmed in HIGH CONTRAST BLACK AND WHITE, turning
the squirting, spewing geysers of BLOOD FROM CRIMSON RED TO
Many members of The Crazy  are Sliced, Slashed, and
liberated from the limbs they were born with at The Bride's
While Clashing swords, The Bride whips the silver Boomerang
out of its holster, and Throws it...
...Embedding itself longways in one of the boy's faces.
The Bride does a Mid-Air Somersault over the head of an
Attacker, landing solid on her feet behind him...Slash, he's
The Bride is knocked to the floor, her Attacker stands over
her to Spear the young blonde, Her Legs Spring Up In The Air,
Ankles Lock Around The Boy's Neck.
She throws him down to the ground. With his neck still in the
vise-like grip of her ankles, She removes The SOG Knife from
its sheath and Plunges it Deep Into The Boy's Chest.
While still on the ground, an Attacker Charges at her.
Yanking the Boomerang out of the Dead Boy's Face, She Sends
It Flying in the Charging Man's path...
...Boomerang Twirling Through the Air Close to the Ground...
...Chopping Off the Charging Attacker's Foot in Mid Step, he
The Bride jumps up onto an attacker's shoulders. She locks
her legs around him so he's helpless at shaking her off.
...she swings down with her sword, and cuts the man's hands
So while the helpless man with no hands screams, the now nine
foot tall Bride fights with the others.
When she's through she brings the blade across the man she's
perched on's throat. He falls to his knees, bringing the
Bride back to the floor like an alevator.
As soon as her soles touch ground, she's off his shoulders,
somersaulting on the floor, bringing her blade up between an
He lets out a scream, as she yanks her blade free.
ONE ATTACKER steps out from the rest, "The Best One." He
Twirls his sword expertly, challenging the young woman to,
The Bride does a screaming charge towards him....
...Sword raised, The Attacker stands his ground, calm -
steady, waiting for the blonde-haired locomotive to
They match each other blow for blow, till one makes a
mistake. It's the male. The Bride's swing, that's neither
clashed or blocked, slices off his right arm.
...The arm, still gripping the samurai sword, drops to the
The Bride pushes the Hanzo Sword right through the middle of
Only half of the Crazy s that started the fight remain
alive, or intact...They start to approach...The Bride, still
holding the sword that's still impaling the skilled Attacker,
backs up, keeping his body between her and the remaining
Like a boxer, The Bride uses the momentary break in the
action, to rest on her feet.....THEN...yanks the blade from
his chest cavity....The Body Twitches - Spasms - Grunts and
The Attackers start to close in...The Bride readies herself
for their attack....THEN (in perfect time with the Heavy
Metal)...Drops to the floor on her back, Spinning like a top.
She Swings and Slashes and Cuts down below at their legs and
feet, like some hellish samurai sword-weilding turtle flipped
Many black-suited, mask-wearing boys drop to the ground.
...Still Spinning like a break dancer, she spins up on top of
her head, and Pops back up on her feet.
The seven remaining sword-weilding, black-suited boys moved
out of range of the Bride's blade when she dropped to the
floor. Now spread out, they make a large half-circle.
The Bride, slowly points the tip of her blade to the floor,
lowers herself to one knee and slightly bows her head. In
pointed up, watch them move closer, COLOR COMES BACK INTO THE
FILM. We see her face is splashed with blood.
GO GO stands by the restaurant's junction box, she flips the
The Crazy  make a wide circle around the blonde who's still
...Looking down on her breathing hard in the shadows. As she
breathes in and out, The FACE OF A LIONESS IS SUPERIMPOSED
The Bride rises to her feet...
The Crazy  move in a circle around The Bride, she moves in a
circle inside of their circle, all eight of them move in
The Heavy Metal Music builds....to a big finish...THEN both
With the lights off, The White paper wall the eight killers
fight in front of turns a Psychedelic Bright Blue. The snow
falling outside is reflected against the paper wall like
black snow falling on a blue shadow puppet stage.
The eight samurais are Black Silhouettes against the blue
backdrop. They begin to combat in a dance of blood, steel and
death. The Bride does a sword-weilding dosey-doe with all
She CLISH-CLASH-CLISH-CLASHES with all of them - They
seperate - stalk each other for a moment to the beat - then
CLISH-CLASH-CLISH-CLASH again, with The Bride killing or
hacking the limbs of one unlucky dance partner at each
encounter - Sometimes during the separation, The Bride
crouches down low in repose while the others continue to
We Cut in closer whenever we need to.
Finally the last of O-Ren's soldiers falls to the Bride's
Standing by the junction box, flips a switch turning the
lights back on. The electricity shines light on...
Splashed all over with blood. Blood painting the floor, walls
and ceiling. Dead bodies, several limbs, and horribly wounded
men who have yet to die, litter the ground.
With a big "Whoosh" in the air, the blood of O-Ren's
subordinates fly off the blonde avenger's blade.
Then saying to the foes who litter the ground.
          Those    of you lucky enough to still
have    your lives. Take them with
you.    But leave the limbs you've
lost.    They belong to me now.
The wounded men, crawl out of the restaurant.
The yellow-haired crimson-covered woman, looks to the last
remaining combatants...Mr. Barrel, Go Go Yubari, and O-Ren
steps forward and removes her weapon, it's not a samurai
sword. It's a heavy metal ball at the end of a long chain.
She begins TWIRLING it above her head. Each rotation makes a
in a -D-like effect, the metal ball comes right at us.
ducks out of the way, the heavy ball destroying a large chunk
The ball and chains wrap around the blade of the Hanzo
...the Hanzo sword FLIES out of her grip.
removes her boomerang and THROWS it at Go Go.
TWIRLS through the air heading right for Go Go.
The young bodyguard    swats it out of the air with her ball and
chain. She lifts up    her chain and the boomerang lies bent, on
the floor. She looks    across at her opponent...WHOOSH...
WHOOSH...WHOOSH..she    LETS FLY. It Strikes the Bride in the
chest, knocking her    on her back...
...Go Go twirls it over her head and sends it towards the
Bride on the floor. The Bride rolls out of the way, the metal
ball PUNCHES a hole in an overturned table instead.
The weaponless Bride wrestles a table leg loose from its
She hops up on a table, table leg in hand, ready to fight.
Go Go hops up on a table...
As they fight they hop from table to table...
Go Go throws her ball and chain...
...The Bride - QUICK AS A WHIP...
BATS it away with the table leg.
Go Go lets loose with the balls and chain...it wraps around
...The Bride's leg is yanked out from under her, she FALL
Go Go jumps on top of the Bride, attacking her with a samurai
short sword. The Bride uses the table leg to block it.
The women fight fiercely, locked in grapple, each face ugly
with struggle. Go Go lets her left earlobe get too close to
the Bride's mouth...the Bride BITES DOWN on it. Go Go screams
as the lower part of the appendage is bitten off, and she
rolls off the Bride. The Bride comes at her, bringing the
table leg -- WHOOPS UPSIDE HER HEAD -- WHOOP-WHOOP-SIDES-HER
The girl in the schoolgirl uniform falls on her back, and
delivers a powerful "C.K." to the Bride from below, dropping
O-Ren is UP, and wraps the chain around the Bride's neck and
The chain digs into the Bride's throat.
The Bride brings the table    leg, which    has a couple of    nasty
looking nails in it, hard    against the    Japanese girl's    thigh.
The nails cut through the    plaid school    uniform skirt    into her
flesh...the Bride rips out    the nails,    taking some leg    meat
Go Go lets out a horrific scream.
The Bride brings the table leg down on the toe of the young
girl's white tennis shoe. The nails stick in, the white shoe
Go Go SCREAMS letting loose of the chain...falling on the
The Bride unwraps the chain around her neck, and begins
Go Go tries to escape, dragging her fucked-up leg with her...
The Bride rises from the floor and begins, twirling Go Go's
Go Go, fast as she can, climbs up the stairs to the second
The Bride stands at the bottom of the stairs, twirling the
ball and chain over her head.
Go Go frantically, and in great pain, climbs the stairs...
The Bride lets loose with the ball and chain...
It HITS the female bodyguard and one half of the Yubari
sisters, smack DAB in the back of the head.
We see her face as she's delivered a death blow right behind
it. We see behind her eyes and features, her life and spirit
Like a discarded rag doll, Go Go Yubari TUMBLES down the
staircase landing in a pile at the Bride's feet. Dead before
The Bride throws the ball and chain to the floor. Her eyes go
to the last two remaining combatants...
          Any more subordinates for me to
          Tell me Mr. Barrel, why don't you
wear your Kato mask? Are you and
Mr. Barrel takes out a kato mask on a stick, like from a th
Century costume ball, and holds it over his eyes.
          I don't like that rubber band. It
          It's not too late to quit.
          I know exactly how you feel.
          This has nothing to do with You and
I, and everything to do with me
positively no way I'M going to
have to stand aside. And that means
          Don't say "Can't", there are no
"Cant's." Yes - You - Can.....
Screams at her "...last line of defense;"
          What are you waiting for? Are you
on a date? Attack her you fool!
...She just called you a fool. She
just called you a fool in front of
me. Not only am I your opponent.
And you're going to risk your life -
to say nothing of harming me - for
a woman who refers to you as a
is furious, and slaps Mr. Barrel on the shoulder.
The Bride acts like she's embarrassed to witness what she
Mr. Barrel spins in O-Ren's direction shooting her a look
she's never seen from him before.
He then looks back to the Bride.
Her eyes are waiting for his. She says with just the
slightest hint of plea in her voice;
He looks at her a BEAT longer...then says as he resheaths his
            The things I do for a pretty face.
INSERT: The Blade sliding back down into the Sheath, The
Handle locks into place with a Click.
He looks back over his shoulder at his former Mistress, and
O-Ren fries and egg on her head.
Then   with his sheathed Sword    in his right hand, and his left
hand   in his pants pocket, he    walks across the carnage-strewn
room   and out the front door.    As he walks, when he's parallel
with   the Bride, He stops and    says;
            About that one you owe me.
            I'll be disappointed if you don't.
He continues walking without a look back. Before he Exits the
restaurant, he throws a look in Sofie's direction, Who's
lying minus her arm in a pool of her own blood, and says;
          Tough luck bout that arm Sofe.
match eyes. The Japanese gal says;
          Whom in Okinawa made you this
The Bride just smiles at her rival's response.
          Swords however never get tired. I
hope you've saved your energy. If
you haven't, you might not last
          Have you seen the garden in this
          Oh, you really should. It's quite
O-Ren moves out of the position she's stood in for the entire
battle. She steps on the doormat of a corpse, that serves the
same purpose of a bottom step, and moves over to the white
paper wall and slides it open....REVEALING....
.....A WHITE WINTER WONDERLAND, set against a Jet Black sky.
A Snow-covered Japanese Garden awaits right outside. Snow
falls from the sky (Slightly artificial, not phony - but
Operatic/Theatrical). O-Ren stands next to the Bride in the
doorway looking out into the white night.
          As last looks go, you could do
The Queen of the Tokyo Underworld steps outside...
As snow falls around them, they stand the correct distance
COMBAT MUSIC BEGINS PLAYING, but not Japanese drums - Spanish
The Bride Unsheaths her Sword Quickly...Holding it out in
front of her...Tip of Blade pointed at O-Ren...Sword's Handle
and her Fingers wrapped around that handle, up by her
cheek...Her eyes are Reflected on the Blade...Snow falls
O-Ren begins walking forward towards the Bride...She raises
up her Sword, still in its sheath, in front of her face
vertically...then begins slowly unsheathing it...Snow falls
White socks in wooden clogs, walk forward, Crunching Snow
Holding Sword...Eyes reflected in Blade...her Yellow Sneakers
when her Sword is fully unsheathed, the Japanese combat
artist holds both arms straight out at her sides, Sword in
one hand - Wood sheath in the other, like a bird....
....The Two Women circle each other....
They SWING - CLASH - DANCE - SEPARATE...CIRCLE...SWING -
does a Somersault over the Bride's head, landing behind her
opponent. She brings her Sword down in a Slashing Swing...
across her back - Spinning her around...
O-Ren goes in for the kill...The Bride meets her blade... The
Blades Clash and Lock...The Two Women's faces come together
O-Ren moves her arm in a counter-clockwise motion that
loosens the grip enough to bring her sword handle hard into
Knocking her backwards over a small, stone bench - Flat on
her ass in a koi pond.
- The Combat Guitar Stops -
O-Ren doesn't charge the fallen blonde, She laughs;
          Silly Caucasian girl likes to play
with samurai swords. Bill might of
humored you, but you will find
neither humor nor mercy at my
blade. Now unless you intend to
commit sepeku among the koi, stand
up and fight. You may not be able
to fight like a samurai, but you
can at least die like a samurai.
The Combat Guitar starts again...As The Bride slowly rises
out of the koi pond. She brings up her sword and Says Calmly
The Two Women Clash Swords furiously, their attack ends with
The Bride's Striking O-Ren - not fatally - but deep. They
...breathing hard...Cold Air coming out of their mouths like
O-Ren looks down to her wound, then back up to The Bride. The
respect for the Bride's ability is transparent.
The Two Women Circle Stalk each other again...
Red Blood running down Yellow Legs onto Yellow Sneakers...
Wooden Clogs crunching the Snow, Blood trail dripping down
legs staining White Socks with Red...
They Attack, the Geisha figurine and The tall western girl
with the mane of Whipping Blonde Hair. They Swing - Twist -
Turn - Clash, matching blow for blow till they both back off.
Both Women are out of breath and have    to stop to recuperate.
As they both drink the harsh cold air    into their lungs,
leaving red blood stains in the white    snow, the two females
have the same thought. The next clash    will be their last.
The Flamenco Guitar begins again, as The Two Women Circle
each other for their final attack.
With all the quickness and skill at their command, they clash
in a superb display of Samurai Swordplay...TILL...They Find
themselves on opposite sides of a garden wall...
...The Bride and O-Ren both begin Running diagonally through
the snow, Swords held up high, Facing each other, Continuing
to run even after they passed the wall, Screaming their
A SCALP OF LONG, BLACK HAIR FLIES THROUGH THE AIR, landing in
facing away from the Bride. Sword still in her hand. We see
she doesn't have the TOP OF HER HEAD ON. A touch of her BRAIN
is exposed. Blood Droplets streak her face like raindrops.
The Queen of the Tokyo Underworld, who's regime has just
ended with one swing, stares off into space.
           That really was a Hattori Hanzo
Her sword FALLS from her grip...in the snow by her feet.
           I always dreamed of owning one...
O-Ren FALLS to her knees, toppling forward.
Left Cheek in the snow, just barely alive, She says;
           Did he make it for you?
The Last thing she says before she dies;
With her cheek resting against the snow, her eyes close and
removes a white handkerchief (The One we saw her sewing
earlier with "Bill" in the corner), and uses it to wipe the
blood, once belonging to the first name on her death list,
is returned back to its sheath. The LION'S HEAD that Hanzo
carved into the wood seems pleased.
now wearing a yellow, faceless motorcycle crash helmet on her
head, stands FRAMED in a TRUNK SHOT.
Minus an arm, lies curled up in the trunk of her MAZDA XOXO.
The BRIDE slams the trunk, SCREEN BOES BLACK...
The MAZDA driving down the road at supersonic speed.
behind the wheel wearing her crash helmet. It looks like an
The BRIDE lifts up trunk lid, we look up at her FRAMED in the
TRUNK SHOT. Helmet on head making her faceless, gold Deadly
When she speaks it comes out of a VOICE BOX at the bottom of
the helmet. Turning her voice deeper and electronically
spooky. The two women speak Japanese to each other.
          I've kept you alive for one reason.
I take it you're familiar with
worked for Bill before O-Ren, and
that's how it is you came to work
          I thought so. Give me the arm you
          I want information. Now gimme your
Sofie offers up her remaining arm.
She injects Sofie with the gold syringe.
Bill's own recipe.    He calls it "The
          Okay, first things first. Where was
          Yuki's sick. She went home early.
          Do tell? What's wrong with her?
          Awwww poor baby. What do you think
she'll do when she finds out what
YUKI YUBARI upon hearing the news of her sister's death...
Big bottle of sake in her mouth pointed bottom up.
sitting at a bar in drunken stupor. An OLDER JAPANESE MAN in
a business suit sits next to her at the bar...he puts the
Yuki staring out into space, says with a drunken voice;
She slowly turns to face the older Japanese man in the
The man in the business suit giggles at her boldness; she
          Don't laugh! Do you want to fuck
He lets out a GRUNT coming from below.
We see she has stabbed him in the belly with a samurai short
sword, and is slowly dragging the blade across his abdomen,
creating a big red grin across his mid-section.
Yuki focused, Business Suit penetrated...She opens him up
more...he feels every inch of the blade's progress.
          How bout now, big boy, do you still
          Or is it I who has penetrated you.
And with her last line, does the final disemboweling slice
that sends his insides spilling out onto the barroom floor.
          Best guess, what will she do?
          I don't hafta guess, she'll come
          She won't have to. When she finds
          you, I don't know who will win. But
what I do know is, she will find
          Is she more skilled than I?
          Don't be coy with me, bitch. What
The Bride takes this in...then moves on.
          Okay, now I want all the
and where I can find them.
The big hospital of TOKYO is located by a hill by the
highway. Sofie's MAZDA pulls off the highway to the side.
The Bride hops out of the car, runs to the back, opens the
trunk, takes out Sofie's body, and rolls it down the
hill....Sofie stops rolling in front of the entrance of the
in a hospital environment. Bill's voice speaks to her OFF
          Sofie, Sofie, my Sofie, I'm so
          -- no more of that. I invented that
truth serum. Once it entered your
bloodstream, you no longer had a
          -- But still -- nothing, except my
aching heart over what she's done
If you had to guess why she left
you alive, what would be your
          I'm allowing you to keep your
wicked life for one reason and one
reason only. So you can tell him,
here tonight. I want him to witness
the extent of my mercy..., by
want you to tell him, all the
information you just told me. I
want him to know what I know. I
want him to know I want him to
Then with SUPERMAN X-RAY VISION we see through the helmet to
the Bride's face inside as she says the last line.
          And I want them all to know,
they'll all soon be as dead as O
WE PAN to a CU of YUKI
          If O-Ren was number one, unless
But the woman you want will hold up
in a low budget motel, fifteen of
on board a plane departing LAX. If
I had to bet...I'd say Hawthorne.
Yuki blows a pink bubble gum bubble, it pops and she says in
He's sewing something that requires a lot of concentration.
What he's sewing is, the NASTY SLASH O-Ren gave the Bride on
her back, closed with a simple needle and thread.
lies naked on her stomach, head up, chin resting on her
folded hand, feeling no pain at the needle piercing her
flesh. The sleeping giant is awake, and in her eyes we see
she's filled with a terrible resolve.
As Hanzo sews, he recites in Japanese the Yagu mantra, the
Bride recites in Japanese after him.
EX CU: O-REN ISHII'S name written in the Bride's notebook
with the number one next to it. A black felt pen comes into
frame and draws a line through the name.
We hear music under this card...
MONTAGE OF YUKI coming to Los Angeles cut to music.
We see YUKI dressed in her Japanese private schoolgirl outfit
with white blouse, plaid skirt, bobby socks, blazer, and
barrettes in her hair, flying on a jet enroute to Los
Angeles. She paints her fingernails with bubble gum-colored
Yuki standing next to a CAR SALESMAN on a California car lot.
She points at a car in front of her.
We see her cool convertible sports car and her finger
We see Yuki behind the wheel of the sports car, driving as
fast as she can through the twists and turns of the Hollywood
We see Yuki running around all over LA, Hollywood and
Disneyland taking pictures with her disposable Barbie camera.
PHOTO: Yuki with the                  The Bride on an airplaine
Hollywood signin the b.g.,            flying to Los Angeles.
PHOTO: Yuki in front of the           The plane lands in L.A.
Chinese Theatre, wearing a            The Bride walks off the
cowboy hat, in front of Roy           plane with the other
PHOTO: Yuki posing with a             The Bride walking
the STARS walk the red carpet
with her autograph book in her
walking, stalking, and             walking through LAX.
We see Yuki is tailing the          We see The Bride is
Bride through LAX.                  being followed by Yuki.
Yuki driving her sports car.        The Bride renting a
car drive by in the B.G.
MEDIUM CU of Yuki wearing a         YUKI'S POV:
whiteuniform, and taking            The Bride entering her
money. Her eyes watch               yellow pickup truck
something off screen.               parked in front of
We see Yuki is dressed like         EX CU: VERNITA GREEN'S
an ice cream man, and is            name in the Bride's
selling ice cream to kids           notebook. She draws a
from an ice cream truck on          black felt pen through
CU Yuki's face as she watches       The Bride driving away
the Bride drive away.               from the scene of her
CU Yuki, smiles. Now's the          YUKI'S POV: The yellow
Yuki, at night, sitting in               YUKI'S POV: The
the surveillance seat of her             exterior of the motel,
sports car. Her hands are                the Bride is staying in.
busy below frame.                        The motel is located on
Yuki loading an Israel                    The Bride, on the phone,
compact sub-machine gun                   booking her flight out
that lays on her plaid                    of LA to Texas, as she
skirt lap.                                packs her crap inside
and her other stuff in a
CU YUKI watches. Weapon                   She carries the stuff
locked,loaded, and ready.                 from indoors to
She makes a line of baby                  outdoors to the yellow
Yuki gets out of the car                  YUKI'S POV: We see the
and heads for the                         Bride from a distance,
Cu Yuki walking towards the               YUKI'S POV: Approaching
We stay with Yuki's side as she stops across the street from
the Bride. During their face-off we only see the Bride at a
The Bride is in the b.g., back to us packing her trunk, just
about ready to make a clean getaway...
Yuki yells to the figure across the street.
We see the back-turned figure of the Bride slightly freeze
upon hearing the Japanese greeting. Without turning around
THRILLER MUSIC begins on the soundtrack.
The Bride turns around to face the young avenger.
          I know you feel you must avenge
your sister. But I beg you...walk
          You call that begging? You can beg
Yuki giggles. Then she takes out a flashlight, and switches
          Can I see your    face? I've heard
your beauty is    exquisite. I would
Yuki shines the flashlight beam in the Bride's face.
is. Oooohhh,... I want to touch it.
          Your face is so    pretty, I just want
to put both of    my palms against
your cheeks and    give you little
Yuki then shines the flashlight up into her own face.
          You're just saying that 'cause I
told you how pretty you are.
          Really? Is that how you'd describe
me to somebody if I wasn't here?
Yuki removes the Israel sub-machine gun from behind her back
and FIRES A LOUD INTENSE VOLUME of firepower at The Bride.
The Bride dives out of her way, just as her yellow pussy
wagon is demolished by the ammo.
The Bride, with her samurai sword in her hand, and her
backpack full of money, takes off running across a couple of
Yuki chases her with machine gun fire...
The Bride LEAPS over a long hedge...disappearing Behind it.
Yuki runs after her, firing all the way, destroying the
The Bride darts across the street, she hits the ground and
Bullet FIRE EXPLODES all around the Bride as she rolls out on
the other side. She removes her mm automatic and returns
Yuki yells to her in English;
          You think you're safe! I say; Ha!
She takes out a hand grenade, removes the pin with her teeth,
and slides it towards the Bride.
The Bride sees the live hand grenade skidding and sliding on
She takes off running...as the Volkswagen van EXPLODES BEHIND
She cuts through the backyard of a house -- THE CAMERA TAKING
OFF WITH HER -- over their fence, in the backyard over the
fence into another yard. She trips, falling into the other
house's swimming pool. Instead of splashing around, the Bride
swims like she was in the Olympics, till she's in the shallow
end. Without breaking her stride, she runs out of the pool.
Now with her gun out, the sopping wet Bride gets to the front
of the house. It's located on a cul de sac.
Yuki's sports car pulls up at the end of the street.
Yuki hits the gas, firing her machine gun out the window of
her car as she speeds down the dead-end street.
The Bride, runs across lawns and hides behind parked cars on
the street, as the bullets rip up homes, lawns, and
When Yuki's car reaches the end of the dead end,...
SPINNING the car around, pointing it in the opposite
BULLETS TEAR UP the cars lining the street.
In the hail of bullets, the Bride tries to fire back.
Yuki reaches the end of the street and spins the car around.
She gets ready to make a third pass.
Some PEOPLE in the house behind the Bride, look out of their
          Stay in your house and stay down on
Yuki speeds after her, but this time she pops the curb and
drives across the front lawns on the street heading right for
The Bride runs into the house she's in front of.
She runs through the living room, to the kitchen and the back
door, but the kitchen's where the family that lives here is
hiding and they block the door.
Yuki's sports car pulls up in front of the house. She stands
up in the convertible. Takes out a grenade, pulls the pin and
          Time for the rabbit to come out of
She lobs the grenade up on the porch, then throws herself
The porch and the front of the house explodes into splinters.
Everybody in the kitchen is blown back.
Realizing there's no getting out of the back door, the Bride
runs back into the living room that's now missing a wall, and
runs up the home's staircase leading to the bedrooms.
Yuki steps into the house, sub-machine gun in hand...
The Bride makes it to the top of the stairs, and is just
about to disappear behind the upstairs hallway wall...
Yuki fires up at her, hitting her twice in the leg.
The upstairs hallway, two bedroom doorways line both sides of
the hallway. The Bride crashes to the floor -- SCREAMING --
blood pours out of her gunshots.
Yuki charges up the stairs...machine gun blazing, tearing up
The Bride aims her mm where she expects Yuki to emerge.
Yuki gets to the top of the stairs, and steps into the
The Bride's bullet wings Yuki in the left breast, knocking
Yuki screams like a little girl at the pain. She yells from
          You fucking bitch! You shot me in
Now I'm always gonna have a dimple!
The Bride answers Yuki back with an imitation of Yuki's
giggle, which makes the youngin blow her top.
She fires her machine gun around the corner, tearing up
When the young girl stops firing, the Bride yells;
          Yuki, in about two    minutes there's
going to be an army    of police here.
So if you're gonna    kill me, now's
From her hiding place, Yuki snorts a line of baby blue
          So what's it gonna be bitch?
Slapping a new clip in her machine gun.
Yuki comes around the corner FIRING her machine gun in the
Bride's direction, ripping up everything around her.
The Bride lying flat on the floor fires her mm.
The explosion of ammo creates the hysteria of warfare combat.
Yuki charges the Bride, Kamakazi style.
Three more bullets rip into the Bride, the Bride fires up at
Yuki, hitting her three times in the body, knocking her off
her feet, and sending her tumbling down the stairs.
The Bride shot up, pulls herself to the top of the stairs.
She sees Yuki lying at the bottom, dead.
Yuki's face, dead,    eyes closed...then they pop up open...
Guess what...she's    not dead. Though she's bloody and her
schoolgirl uniform    is filled with bullet holes she rises. Her
head turns in the    direction of the Bride...
The Bride sees this and can't believe it...
...Yuki, who no longer has the machine gun, takes out a
deadly looking knife and snaps it open with a smile that
She charges up the steps at the Bride.
The startled Bride fires at her...the mm's empty...
Yuki charging up the steps, yelling, knife raised high...
The Bride, hurriedly removes the pistol she keeps in her
The Bride cocks back the hammer...
Bullet hits Yuki, stops her for a quarter of a second, but
Yuki jerks but keeps on charging...
Yuki jerks, keeps chargin, almost at her, knife raised
Yuki jerks, but keeps charging, knife ready to do its duty...
The Bride fires, but her gun jams...
Yuki leaps on her with the knife...
...The Bride realizes Yuki's dead. She tosses her to the
The phone rings and a black woman in a nurse's uniform with a
name tag on it that reads, "B. Owens," answers the phone.
on her cell phone, a business card in her hand, with a number
written on the back that says, "B. Owens," and her phone
number. She's bleeding from her five bullet holes. Sitting in
a pool of her own blood. She's starting to tremble. We can't
see where she's at, but it's somewhere surrounded by wood
planks. The moon shines into the structure.
             Hello, I'm calling Nurse Owens --
             You don't know me, but --
             -- And I don't want to neither. Now
I don't know how you got my number,
but you can just rip that shit up,
-- I've been shot five times --
-- Stop, I don't wanna hear no
more. I got problems of my own.
yourself a ambulance, cause I don't
--    No, you can call a ambulance,
you    just don't want to. But if your
ass    is really dying, you ain't got
I do have a choice, and I'm
choosing to call you. If you refuse
to help me, I'll die. And that will
Bitch, I don't even know you!
What do you need to know? I'm from
Earth, I'm a woman, I'm dying, and
Her last line has an effect on the hard-hearted nurse.
          I'm in Hawthorne. I'm hiding in a
Avenue. There's a bunch of police
          If you can't walk, you better
Nurse Owens likes that last line.
          You got you some money dontcha, or
am I doin this out of the goodness
          You come and get me, today's pay
          You ain't too far away. You gonna
bleed to death I get there in a
          Okay, I'll be there in fifteen
          Is that Pacific Standard Time, or
          Just you better be there    when I get
there, and you better be    shot five
times, and your bony ass    better be
          How do you know I have a bony ass?
          You sound like you have a bony ass.
The Nurse hangs up the phone.
The Bride sits in her own blood waiting for Nurse Owens.
Nurse Owens' head pops up from the door in the floor.
          There's cops all over here, I had
to be cool. They tend to notice
The nurse hands the Bride a big bottle of Wild Turkey.
          This shit's gonna hurt, and I ain't
The Bride laid out on Nurse Owens' kitchen table, while the
The TV is turned up loud to hide the screams.
The fifth slug is placed in an ashtray next to three
cigarette butts and other balls of lead.
The Bride, drunk as a skunk, says to her savior;
Smoking her menthol Kool, Nurse Owens says;
          Yeah, bullets are bad news. In the
future, you should avoid them if
          I'll keep that in mind. So, do I
                 "Can she bake a cherry pie."
is slid open revealing two male eyes on the other side.
          I heard you had a game?
          That, no one ever calls me.
A FEMALE VOICE FROM OFF SCREEN says to the Doorman;
          Open the door Alburt, let's see
The door opens revealing BILL to the other side of the door,
and for the first time, to the audience. He looks cool.
Bill looks inside and sees a fancy hotel room converted into
a crap game. A crap table has been erected in the middle of
the suite. SEVEN MEN stand around the table trying their
luck. All playing has stopped at the opening of the door.
One woman in a beautiful black dress, stands at the head of
the table...It's her game...her name is L.F. O'BOYLE.
Bill stands in the doorway. ALBURT the doorman, who wears a
Bill steps inside and the game continues in earnest.
We now return to the game already
in progress. The point is nine
As Alburt    frisks him, Bill takes in the room. There are five
other men    all wearing black tuxedos, all carrying samurai
swords , all working for Miss O'Boyle. In his
hand Bill    holds his sheathed Hanzo sword. Referring to the
             Now now boys...Mr. Bill, do you
intend to start any shit with that
             I give you my word of honor, I will
          You wanna play for free, go to
Vegas. You start now you'll be
Bill takes out a roll of bills that would choke a rodeo bull
to death. He peels off two hundred.
          I think I'll stay here. I'm
Bill walks over to the suite's bar, a YOUNG WOMAN tends it.
          High cost of living shooter. You
don't like it, go to Vegas. You can
          get a prime rib dinner there for
          What am I going to do, I'm thirsty.
The Bartender produces a dixie cup, and a can of Budweiser.
She pops the top and fills the cup, leaving half of the beer
inside the can. She then offers only the cup to Bill.
The Bartender slowly shakes her head, no.
He lifts the dixie cup to his lips, and says;
Bill approaches the table with his dixie cup of beer.
          Gentlemen, let's    see if the new kid
in school wants    to play right away.
How bout it new    kid, you wanna
handle my bones,    or do you just
Dropping his money roll on the table...
          Boys take a look at this man, he's
The dice belong to you , sir.
With her table stick, she pushes the dice to Bill. He takes
Alburt starts to move from his position by the door.
          That did it fuckhead, you're out
L.F. motions him back to his position.
The players watch L.F. And Bill, an opposite ends of the
Bill looks from the dice to L.F.
          You looked me over when I stood in
your doorway. I'm looking you over
as I step up to your table. If I
          I think we're getting into a
          Oh, I'm sorry, I thought you were
trying to take my money, and I was
Bill throws ten thousand dollars on the table, the room
          If you're game, take my bet
Bill smiles as he rolls the dice in his hand, then
throws......The room reacts...L.F. smiles and pushes the
money and the dice back to Bill with her stick. He picks up
his winnings, tosses them back on the table, and says;
He holds the dice in his fist...and throws......
          The point is five, gentlemen, five
He shoots again, he wins again...
L.F. MOVES THE MONEY in front of him.
Bill picks up the stack of moola...L.F. Stands behind her
table, stick in her hand, eyes on her opponent.
In the midst of this silence, his beeper goes off. His eyes
go to it. It reads; ELLE DRIVER.
He raises his eyes from the beeper to L.F., casually tosses
the green on the felt and says;
          Play a game of luck long enough
you're bound to meet some lucky
          You know we've never been properly
          No, you're rude. Why so rude rude
boy, I'm only trying to be
          I didn't come here to make friends.
I came here to shoot a little crap.
But then your boy over there hits
me up for a two hundred dollar
          -- That's a membership fee, good
-- You and nobody else. You sell at
the bar a half can of warm piss, at
twenty bucks a shot. How much did
the six-pack cost you? ., .?
too Goddamn greedy. You know what I
like to do when I meet greedy
they got. Leave em with nothing.
So that's your game, you want to
I wanna    burn you    down. When I'm
through    with you,    you won't have a
pot to    piss, or a    window to throw
it out    of. You'll    thumb a ride out
I could always save myself this
horrible fate by not taking your
To be replaced by a different fate.
The embarrassing truth that you run
a gutless game. I won't forget it.
forget it. I'm sure they'll tell
people who won't forget it. And we
won't come back. If we don't come
back, you won't get our money.
Couple of weeks, you won't have a
You got a big mouth, lucky boy. And
you've won away, and sending you
out the door with nothing but a red
face, is so appealing to me, that I
          The house's perogative and you know
She holds out her palm and two new pair of dice  are
placed in her hand by one of her bodyguards. She sets the
dice on the table, and moves them in front of Bill with her
          Maybe you would like to change your
His hand scoops the dice off the table.
He catches the young lady by surprise.
          Did I stutter, I'm changing my bet.
I'm betting I don't make it.
          Oh yes I can. It's the shooter's
Bill scoops up his money and looks to the lady who's game he
          Sure it's next to the bed.
Bill sits on the bed talking with Elle Driver on the phone.
In the b.g. L.F. is throwing everybody out.
          Game's over, get out! Get the fuck
out! No more tonight, go home....
Nice to see Kiddo hasn't gone
Okay that did it, we're going to
Texas and talk sense into Budd
He looks over and L.F. is sitting on the floor of the bed.
All the players have left, only L.F. and her five tuxedo boys
          We're going to have a talk about
          Well, I'm not exactly among friends
I'll keep that in mind, bye bye.
          I said you could use my phone. I
          You didn't burn me down you know?
          Course not. First rule of any
house, ya gotta have LUCKY GUY
comes in and wipes the place out
          If there weren't losers it wouldn't
Standing up, folding his winnings into his inside jacket
pocket, looking at L.F. and her boys, he says;
          I sincerely hope you mean that.
Without another word he exits the hotel room.
Nobody makes a move to stop him.
L.F. O'Boyle and her henchmen stand still as they wait for
the sound of the elevator in the hall.
The Bride's Voice comes on the soundtrack;
             What L.F. O'Boyle didn't know was,
the real game was just beginning.
Bill was on the job, and she was
the target. Now Bill was the
century. In fact the term HITMAN
was coined for him. And he rarely
awhile - to keep his hand in - he
does. Only he plays a game. He
them start it. If they do, they're
dead. If they don't, not only won't
he perform, he'll take the hit off
the market. It's kind of fun
They hear the elevator in the hall.
             Get my money back. Don't kill him.
The Five men go out the door.
The Five tuxedo-clad bodyguards hit the hallway, only to
see....BILL, with his Hanzo sword unsheathed, standing at the
This wasn't expected, they unsheath their swords.
In the    hotel's hallway, Bill cuts through the five men. His
mastery    of the Hanzo sword in his hand is peerless. He cuts
through    the first four rather quickly. The fifth one, Alburt,
is the    most skilled, but he too falls under the master's
L.F. O'Boyle hides in her room, holding a gun, pointed at the
She sits in bushwhack mode, waiting for Bill, or anybody for
that matter, to step through the doorway.
The window her back is up against SHATTERS, and a black
gloved hand reaches inside and GRABS her by her hair, and
Bill on the ledge of the hotel window ,
He's yanked her outside and he's dangling her over the side
L.F. Is too hysterical to answer.
Bill watches her all the way down. When he's confident her
fall was fatal, he leaves the ledge.
A small camper trailer sits all by its lonesome in the middle
A SUBTITLE APPEARS under this image;
A fist knocks on the trailer door.
It opens, revealing    Bill's    brother, BUDD. Not the Slick
Willie Budd with the    black    suit and the silver-tipped black
cowboy boots we saw    earlier    at the wedding chapel massacre.
No, the Budd we see    now is    the Budd who climbed into a bottle
five years ago, got    himself    comfortable, and decided to live
Bill, looking like    a cool million, stands out in the dirt and
dust of Budd's lot    of land, looking up at his brother in his
natural habitat. In    the B.G. we can see Elle Driver lounging
Budd, surprised by the visitor, says;
          Great day in the morning. Brother
Bill livin up to his familia
          Oh, you know my life, Bill, just a
mad rush of wild parties and
Budd squints into the sun at the woman in Bill's ear.
          Is that that tall blonde one-eyed
Viking bitch in the passenger seat?
          It's Elle. Want to say hello?
          Never said "bye," can't seem to
think of a reason to say, "hi."
Elle inside, blasting both the stereo and the air
conditioner. She watches the brotherly scene play out through
the car windshield. Obviously there's no love lost between
          Are you not going to invite me in?
          It stinks in there, that's why. Now
what's so important it requires a
The estranged brothers continue their conversation. Budd sits
in the doorway of his trailer, bottle of jack in his hand.
          You tryin to tell me she cut her
eight of them, they just called
          I dunno, I guess they thought it
sounded cool. Anyhow, she had about
attacked. They all fell under her
The mention of a Hattori Hanzo sword gets Budd's attention.
          She got 'er a Hattori Hanzo sword?
          She has a Hanzo Jingi sword.
          He made her one? Didn't he swear a
blood oath never to make another
          It would appear he's broken it.
Budd doesn't say anything at first...THEN;
          Them Japs know how to carry a
grudge don't they? Or is it just
you tend to bring that out in
I know this is a ridiculous
question before I ask, but you by
any chance haven't kept up with
          Hell, I pawned that years ago.
          You pawned a Hattori Hanzo sword?
          Not in El Paso it ain't. In El Pso
I got me  Dollars for it.
          Since it was a gift from me, why
didn't you offer me the chance to
Drunken bum though I may be, I
don't need booze that bad. But who
the hell gives a crap anyway. That
points for killin a white trash
piece of shit like me with a
samurai sword. I'm a bouncer in a
titty bar, Bill. If she wants to
fight me, all she gotta do is come
down to the Club, start some shit,
and we'll be in a a fight.
          -- Budd, you need to listen to me.
I know we haven't spoken for quite
some time, and the last time we
spoke wasn't the most pleasant. But
you need to get over being mad at
me, and start becoming afraid of
Bea. Because she is coming, and
she's coming to kill you. And
unless you accept my assistance, I
have no doubt she will succeed.
Budd sees Bill's true concern for his welfare.
Bill tries to charm his brother.
             Can't we forget the past, and look
at the happy side of all this?
             And what would that happy side be?
Budd is touched by Bill's concern and chuckles to himself.
             I appreciate the concern on your
erase. I don't dodge guilt. And I
her revenge. And we deserve to die.
But then again, so does she. So I
guess we'll just see now, won't we.
The    My-oh-my Club, is the sleazy titty bar that Budd works
at.    His job is tossin out the riff-raff that's worse than
him,    out on their ear - minus a few of the teeth they had
when    they came in. His beat-to-shit pickup truck pulls up to
the    front, and he climbs out of the automobile.
Budd walks into the wood-paneled titty bar. No strippin goin
on yet, just a few BARFLIES drinkin. The owner, TED, yells at
             You're late, Budd, this shit ain't
Budd doesn't say anything, he just moves towards the back,
passing by a STRIPPER serving drinks.
ANOTHER STRIPPER walks out of the ladies' room and says to
          Hey, Budd, honey, the toilet's at
it again. There's shitty water all
          I'll take care of it, Suzie Pie.
A brand new, enormous red pickup truck pulls into the parking
sits behind the wheel, looking at the bar and the bar's front
door. Using the rearview as a mirror, she grabs her long
blonde hair and pulls it back to a ponytail with a
rubberband. Then places a baseball cap on the top of her
noggin that reads, "STUBB'S BAR B-Q." She steps out of the
truck's cab. She's dressed like a little Texas two-stepper.
Levi's, cowboy boots, and a "HARLEY DAVIDSON: LOUD AND PROUD"
The Bride walks into the club just as the band on stage
explodes into honky tonk guitar. She walks up to the bar and
The BARTENDER gives her a beer bottle of Shiner Bock. As she
...Looking for Budd among the crowd...
...he's sitting on a stool, observing the crowd, moving his
SHAW BROTHERS ZOOM into her eyes; VENGEANCE THEME plays on
Her hand removes her sog from its sheath. She moves through
the crowd of Texas two-steppers, sog in hand, towards Budd
Suddenly a BIG COWBOY stands up from his table -- spilling
every bottle and glass on it -- and BARFS all over.
Budd curses to himself, and heads over to the disaster area.
The Bride...observes Him...CLEAN UP THE PUKE.
As the music from above continues, we see Budd driving his
pickup on an empty highway home from work.
He passes by The Bride's    new red pussy wagon parked on the
side of the road. After    he whizzes by, she starts up the
motor, but doesn't turn    the lights on. She follows him,
hanging way back in the    dark.
Budd driving, not seeing the automobile cloaked in darkness,
Budd pulls his pickup truck in front of his small camper
home. He walks inside, shutting the door behind him.
The Bride rolls to a stop...Observing the lonely trailer out
Texas tear-ass music begins coming out of the camper....We
see his figure pass the camper window, once or twice.
The Bride chooses her weapon -- Hattori Hanzo's samurai
She doesn't say anything, nor will an actress of Uma
Thurman's caliber indicate her feelings, but the astute
member of the audience will read the significance of her
choice. His current status be damned, the Budd who owes The
Bride satisfaction was a warrior. And it's that Budd she
intends to send to his maker.
She takes a black stocking cap, and slips it on top of her
skull, tucking her blonde hair underneath...
...Rubs black make-up under both eyes, on top of both
eyelids, and down the bridge of her nose...
Disconnects the cab lights above her, opens the truck door,
and slips out unseen into the Austin Texas night air.
On her belly, Hattori Hanzo sword in sheath in hand, she
crawls across the desert floor towards Budd's trailer.
Somewhere in the vast outdoors a cat jumps on a rat. Their
The Bride stops and buries her face in the dirt.
From inside the trailer, we hear the needle being lifted off
From a distance we see: The shadowy figure of Budd looking
out the window of the camper.
The Bride keeps her face in the dirt.
The figure of Budd at the window, seems to dismiss the sound
he heard for what it was -- a rat meeting its end at the
The needle is placed back on the phonograph.
face in the dirt...One Mississippi...Two Mississippi...her
eyes look up towards the trailer...All's clear...She begins
...She's now right outside the trailer home...We can hear the
sound of Budd sitting in a chair rocking back and forth.
She hears the sound of a screw top unscrewed...The sound of
pouring in a glass...The sound of a glass being laid heavy on
Crouched low on the balls of her feet, she, with great care,
slowly and silently unsheathes her Hanzo sword.
Through the bottom slit in the door, she sees the distorted
image of Budd's feet on the floor.
She slowly rises...removes her black stocking cap...blonde
hair falls around her shoulders...sword in right hand...left
QUICK as a Texas lizard on glass -- She brings the sword's
handle down hard on the door lock --
She flings the front door open...
Brother Budd sitting calmly in a rocking chair, moving back
and forth to the Texas twang on his turntable, cradling a
DOUBLE-BARREL SHOTGUN aimed right at The Bride.
Both barrels BLAST in our face.
standing in the doorway is HIT SMACK DAB in the chest, and
Landing hard on her back in the dirt.
Budd casually rises from his rocking chair and lifts the
needle off the phonograph, cutting off the music.
Then with shotgun in hand, stands in the doorway of the
trailer looking down at The Bride.
The Bride laid out in the dirt below him -- Sword separated
from her grasp -- Bloody mess down her front -- Groan from
Budd steps down from the trailer onto the dirt, standing over
           Bet your sweet ass that don't sting
More groans coming out of The blood splattered Bride.
          You done got a double dose of rock
salt, right in the ole tit.
Now not havin tits as fine or as
big as yours, I can't even imagine
He lowers down on his haunchers, over her.
          ...But I don't wont to neather.
The Bride, hurting and incapacitated from the shotgun blast,
still nevertheless defiant, SPITS a gob of bloody saliva,
Budd, gob of spit running down on his cheek and nose. The
cowboy removes a red bandana from his back pocket, and wipes
away the goo. Then his eyeballs go down to the spitter.
          Now I know when it    comes to a rock
much like a expert    bout now. But
truth be told, you    ain't felt all
rock salt's got to    offer till you
took a double dose    in your
With the help of his cowboy boot he rolls The Bride over onto
SNAPPING the barrel closed, he takes aim and FIRES both
barrels -- EXECUTION STYLE -- right into her keister.
The Bride does the one thing she has yet to do with any
opponent during the movie up till now. Her head rears back
and she lets out a SCREAM!
          That gentled ya down, didn't it?
two barrels of rock salt dug deep
Almost mercifully, the man once known as "Sidewinder," sticks
a syringe in her arm, dropping her unconscious.
Knocking down a swig of Jack Daniels, he removes a small
silver cell phone from his pants pocket, raises the antenna,
and presses one button on the panel.
The six-foot tall, long-haired blonde with the codename
"California Mountain Snake," is doing a savage boxing workout
This is one white bitch who can kick some serious FUCKIN ass.
With one mighty blow from her huge right arm (synched to the
sound of a CAR CRASH), her boxing Coach buys the farm.
Elle on cell phone. We cut Back and Forth.
          And what do I owe this dubious
          I just caught me the cowgirl, ain't
          Do you mean what I think you mean?
          If you think I mean I got 'er, you
          Not yet I ain't. But I can sure do
it easy enough. She's so gentle
right now, I could preform her coup
          What are you waiting for, run outta
nobody in a long Goddamn time. And
just 'tween you, me, and Jesus
Christ, kinda made me a promise I
wasn't gonna. Be that however it
is. Back when I did kill people...I
got paid for it. Just don't seem
We stay on Elle's side for the following exchange.
          Anywho, guess what I'm holdin in my
We cut back to Budd's side. And what he's holding is The
          A brand spankin new Hattori Hanzo
sword. And I'm here to tell ya
Elle, that's what I call sharp.
          Oh, that's hard to say. Seein it's
I'll give you a hundred thousand
I'm sure you would. But I'll take,
Jeez Budd, who'd ever guess you
were such a capitalist. I thought
Well Elle, a million dollars buys a
Why then are you selling it to a
hateful bitch like me, when you
If I'm gonna drink myself to death,
...it won't be on Bill's dollar.
You buy a ticket to Texas, and I'll
see you here tomorrow mornin. You
give me a million in foldin cash,
I'll give you the greatest sword
ever made by a man. How's that
Sounds like we got a deal. One
          It's a caveat to the same
          She must suffer to her last breath.
          That Elle darlin, I can pretty
          Then I'll see you in the morning
We look down on a spooky Texas graveyard...
the opening shot of a Texas zombie movie. We also see TWO MEN
digging up a grave. Budd's beat-to-shit pickup is in the shot
too. Its headlight beams shining on the two men. And last but
not least, The Bride, bound and gagged, lying in the flatbed
She begins to come to from the shot in her arm.
Some dried blood lies caked around her wounds. Rope binds her
wrists tightly together in front of her.
A big leather cowboy belt is wrapped tight around her cherry
brown cowboy boots. Her eyelids flutter open...and she sees
stars. A giant, black Texas night sky full of them.
She has no idea where she is.
She turns her head to the left and sees,
Back window and Cab of truck.
She turns her head to the right and sees,
Crickets...The sound of Two Men Digging...One of the Men says
something to the other in Spanish...
She hears one of the Shovels HIT something buried...
The Two Men speak to each other in Unsubtitled Spanish...
We hear them Lifting something heavy, we might assume is a
coffin. The Bride however knows not what to think.
She hears boots approaching the flatbed, The crunching of
With a CLANG and a SCRAPE the latches on the Gate of the
flatbed are Yanked Out, and it lowers open with a CRASH.
Revealing Budd, looking down on her.
The grabs her by her collar, and yanks her out of the truck.
She FALLS to the dirt HARD.
Once in the dirt, The Bride sees an Old Coffin that's been
Next to it is a brand new pine box coffin, straight out of
"Fistful of Dollars." And a freshly dug grave, with a pile of
dirt next to it, in front of an old tombstone that reads;
Budd and Ernie stand over her.
The Bride just GLARES up at the two tormentors, with the only
weapon she has left, the contempt in her stare.
Budd turns to Ernie and says in SPANISH, subtitled in
          Look at those eyes. This bitch is
furious. You grab her feet, I'll
The Bride knows how these fiends derive satisfaction, and she
          In America white women call this
And we let 'em think, we don't like
The two fiends laugh, then bend down to lift The Bride and
carry her over to the pine box. She struggles with her bound
legs and arms...Both men DROP her to the ground. Budd whips
out a can of mace from his pocket.
          Hey hey hey, wiggle worm, look at
He holds the can of mace spray by her eyes. She stops. Her
eyes go to the nozzle of the spray can, then to Budd.
          Looky here bitch, this is a can of
tonight, and that's all there is to
it. But, when I bury ya, I was
He removes a flashlight from behind his back and turns on the
          But if    you're gonna act like    a
horse's    ass, I'll spray this    whole
Goddamn    can in your eyeballs.     Then
you'll    be blind, burnin, and    buried
alive.    So what's it gonna be
Her eyes move to the right, indicating the flashlight.
          You may be stupid, but at least you
The two men lift up The Bride, and carry her over to the pine
He picks up the pine lid, and is just about to place it over
...He locks eyeballs with The Bride...
...her eyes hold his for as long as she can,
...he places the lid over her face, closing the coffin.
...with a hammer and nails the two men seal the coffin shut.
Dark, excerpt for the cracks of light seeping through between
the lid and the box. However with each nail pounded in, more
...the only light left, is the crack by The Bride's head. The
last hammered nail obliterates that light source.
The Bride lies in TOTAL DARKNESS.
The two men lift the pine box, and set it in the grave.
Budd scoops up a shovel full of dirt...
EX CU HER FINGERS turn on the flashlight.
...a shovel of dirt has just landed hard on the lid, making
The dirt just keeps falling, the bams becoming softer with
The Bride is starting to perspire...her breathing becoming
more rapid and panicked...her heartbeat begins to echo inside
We've never seen her like this before.
She's starting to lose it...She lets out a SCREAM...She
SCREAMS again...Her bound-at-the-wrist hands move to the
lid...She pounds on it...Her bound feet kick up at it...She
starts to cry...She's getting hysterical...Her fingers begin
Leaving Blood Trails on the wood.
She exhausts herself. All this while, she's been screaming
the words we can't even imagine coming out of her mouth;
She wipes    her eyes, and runs her hands down her face,
mentally    sending the little girl she became, back to wherever
she came    from. The woman we know as The Bride is back. She
          Well, now that you've had a nice,
good cry, let's figure out how to
get out of here? You're breathing
like you just been fuckin. Calm
She does. The Bride continues in VO;
          That's a lot better. But you're
still too agitated. Can you hear
your heart? It's like I'm buried
alive with Buddy Rich. Turn off
Fear comes into her voice as she combats herself.
          No! I can't turn off the light. Yes
you can. The darkness will have a
calming effect. Now turn off that
She does. The screen goes Jet Black
Budd and Ernie are finished filling the grave. The old
coffin, with the body of Paula Schultz, in the back of the
flatbed. Before they climb into the truck and drive away,
Budd lays a dozen red roses on The Bride's grave.
Budd behind the wheel. Ernie in the passenger's seat. Car
radio playing Mexican music. Budd's silver cell phone rings.
Elle Driver sits in a seat on a passenger jet enroute to the
great state of Texas. She calls Budd on the airplane phone.
             Elle darlin, she's sufferin as we
A smile spreads across Elle's face. She rests her head back
against the seat's headrest. Her eyelids close. She slightly
parts her lips...and lets out a;
This is the face of satisfaction.
We see a beautiful mountain range in the middle of China.
A VOICE OVER SPOKEN BY BILL, tells us a story over this
             Once upon a time in China, some
As Bill tells this story, it will be illustrated On Screen by
footage from Old Shaw Brothers Martial arts flicks of the
's. Especially Films that feature Chinese Actor LO LIEH as
the old, white-haired, white-eyebrowed Villian "PAI MEI."
          ...head priest of The White Lotus
Clan, Pai Mei, was walking down the
with Pai Mei's infinite power would
contemplate -- Which is another way
of saying, who knows. When, a
Shaolin monk appeared on the road
direction. As the monk and the
monk the slightest of nods. The
nod, was not returned. Was it the
intention of the Shaolin monk to
insult Pai Mei? Or, did he just
fail to see the generous social
The motives of the monk, remain,
unknown. What is known, were the
Mei appeared at the Shaolin Temple,
and demanded that the temple's head
Abbot offer Pai Mei his neck, to
repay the insult. The Abbot, at
first, tried to console Pai Mei,
only to find, Pai Mei was
massacre of the Shaolin Temple, and
all sixty of the monks inside, at
the fists of the White Lotus. And
so began, the legend of Pai Mei's
          What praytell, is a ten-point palm -
          Quite simply, the deadliest blow in
all of the martial arts. He hits
you with his fingertips, at ten
body. And then, he lets you walk
away. But once you've taken five
your body, and you fall to the
We see on screen Pai Mei demonstrate this technique on five
shaolin monks. Who after being hit...take five steps...then
Bill and The Bride, years earlier, driving in a jeep through
the mountains of China, enroute to PAI MEI's.
          No. He teaches no one the ten-point
kill you, he will make you
stronger. Now one of the things I
always liked about you, Kiddo, is
you appear wise beyond your years.
Then allow me to impart, a word to
the wise. Whatever - WHAT - EVER -
Pai Mei says, Obey. If you flash
him - even for an instant - a
defiant eye, he'll pluck it out.
And if you throw any American sass
his way, he will snap your back and
your neck like they were twigs, and
that will be the story of you.
The Bride sits in the jeep, by herself, parked in front of
the Priest Pai Mei's home located high up on top of White
For over  years, his home used to be the temple of the
White Lotus Clan, and he was the temple's head priest. The
temple served as a home to over  priests and disciples. But
now - the year  - the White Lotus Clan is no more. All
the priests have died. All that remains, is a very old man,
who once upon a time, some worshipped as a god and some
feared as a devil...neither was wrong.
A huge stone staircase of one hundred steps climb up a hill
leading to Pei Mei's home. Bill climbs down to the jeep.
          He'll accept you as his student.
          Caught him in a good mood, aye?
She climbs out, and gets her bag out of the back.
Bill casts a glance at the stone steps he just decended.
          Just seeing those steps again makes
me ache. You're gonna have plenty
of fun carrying buckets of water up
          Because he's a very very very old
man. And like all rotten bastards,
when they get old, they become
lonely. Not that that has any
they do learn the value of company.
          When will I see you again?
          That's the title of my favorite
          Nothing. When he tells me you're
          When do you think that might be?
          That my dearest, all depends on
you. Now remember, no backtalk, no
Least not for the first year.
You're going to have to let him
warm up for you. He hates
has nothing but contempt for women,
so in your case, that may take a
The jeep speeds off down the road...leaving the Bride all
alone, somewhere in the middle of China.
She begins the journey before her by ascending the  steps
The huge temple is exactly like it must have been a hundred
years ago, except now it's empty and dusty.
The Bride enters, She's winded from climbing up those fuckin
Her Voice ECHOES in the cavernous temple.
A beautiful  Mahagony staircase leads to Pai Mei's
The still unseen Man's voice BOOMS back;
          If it is Christ you seek, turn back
PAI MEI'S POV: We see through Pei Mei's pupils, through a
sheer scarlet scrim that hangs down in front of his sitting
area. The Bride enters the room.
She approaches the old man, reaches the edge of his sitting
area in front of the scrim, lowers to one knee and bows her
* From here on end, whenever ENGLISH is spoken     by The Bride,
or every once in awhile by Pai Mei, it will be     spoken in
ENGLISH IN LIVE SYNCH SOUND. However, whenever     MANDARIN is
supposedly spoken, it comes out of their mouths     as DUBBED
ENGLISH like in a 's Shaw Brothers Chop Socky     Flick.
          Teacher, I am unworthy to be your
          Your Mandarin is lousy. I can't
understand a single word you say.
It causes my ears discomfort. You
are not to speak unless spoken to.
          I speak Japanese very well --
          I didn't ask    if you speak Japanese,
or Mongolian,    for that matter. I
          A little, I am still learning.
          You are here to learn the mysteries
of Kung Fu, not linguistics. If you
communicate with you like I would a
dog. When I yell, when I point,
When I beat you with my stick!
Her head remains bowed, eyes to the floor.
He's just like he was in the films earlier. Long White Hair,
Long White Beard, Long White Eyebrowes, same long flowing
White Robe. Everything's the same, except he's older, by
about a hundred years. He sits stone still in his sitting
area on the other side of the sheer scarlet scrim.
          Bill is your master, is he not?
          Your master tells me you're not
          I am proficient in a combination of
Tiger and Crane style. And I am
exquisite art of the Samurai Sword.
          The exquisite art of the samurai
sword. Don't make me laugh. Your so
called exquisite art, is only fit
for Japanese fat heads. You really
This brings up The Bride's eye...She GLARES at the old man.
           Impudent dog! You dare glare at me!
           -- Silence! I do not wish to hear
Pai Mei softly LAUGHS to himself, and strokes his long white
           Your anger amuses me. Do you
           Are you aware I kill at will?
           Is it your wish to die?
           Then you must be stupid. Rise
stupid, and let me get a better
Pai Mei laughs to himself again;
             You breathe hard. The one hundred
steps robbed you of your wind. So
your stupidity is matched only by
you do well? -- Oh yes, you speak
Japs. I would of thought an
American would be immune to their
The blonde woman goes to a large wooden drawer. She opens the
drawer; it's filled with just about every type of edged
The Bride removes a large heavy steel Chinese Sword.
Pai Mei rises from his sitting position, for the first time,
parts the scrim, and approaches the Bride.
             Let's see how    good you really are.
Try and land    a blow. If you land a
single blow,    I'll bow down and call
The Bride doesn't need a second invitation, she ATTACKS with
He deftly moves out of the way.
The fighting style is now like an old Shaw Brothers film,
with Pai Mei dodging at will all of her rapid sword slashes.
Quick and skillful as her moves are, they're also full of
Effort and Frustration. While Pai Mei effortlessly moves out
He's amused, and Speaks while they fight;
          Come now woman, can't you even hit
          Your ability really is quite poor.
He STRIKES her with a blow to her chest, delivered with an
open palm, that sends her flying back hard against the wall.
She clutches her chest, and coughs up some blood.
Pai Mei laughs as he strokes his long white beard.
          Ha ha ha ha ha! I've fought
cripples who posed more of a
She ATTACKS with a wild cat's fury.
He HOPS and DUCKS and DODGES her sword easily.
He LEAPS HIGH UP IN THE AIR, and LANDS STANDING on the Blade
The Bride looks down the blade of her sword and can't believe
Pai Mei smiles at her and says;
          From here you can get an excellent
He does a BACKFLIP off the sword, kicking the Bride in the
face in mid-somersault sending her CRASHING THROUGH A WOOD
The Bride emerges from the hole in the wall.
Pai Mei stands waiting for her, TWIRLING THE SWORD in his
hand like a cheerleader twirling a baton, till the twirling
STOPS. The sword's handle is pointed towards the Bride.
          Give up? Or care to try again?
shows determination. Not to win, not even to land a blow,
that she knows is impossible. This man's ability is truly
amazing. However be that as it may, she's determined not to
quit, and through not quitting, she's determined to
distinguish herself in his eyes...in some way.
She takes the sword from him and tries again.
But this time, Pai Mei keeps grabbing her arm that holds the
sword, manipulating it into positions that would do the young
girl harm...Like bringing the blade up against her other
          That blade's sharp. Careful not to
...Then he TWISTS her arm, till the blade's against her own
...Then TWISTS again till it's against her hip...
...Then TWISTS again while KICKING her leg, till the blade's
          If you can't fight any better than
that, what use do you have for a
He lets go of her arms, she swings furiously at him...
...he calmly SPINS out of the way. Then, he KICKS her in the
stomach, doubling her over, then he brings the Sword between
her legs, Blade Edge against her Crotch.
          Now that really would be a shame.
He takes the sword from her grasp...
The BLADE's against the pocket of her throat.
The BLADE's against the nipple of her right breast.
He tosses the sword in the air, catching it by the tip of the
blade. Then like a mallet, brings the handle end down hard on
the top of The Bride's head. She lets out a howl, and falls
to the floor, holding the lump on her noggin.
          I'm a hundred and fifty years old,
and you can't even make me break a
He CHOPS the sword in half with his hand.
          Let's see your Tiger and Crane
Like a Gordon Liu and Lo Lieh film, they do their animal
As she STRIKES and he BLOCKS...he yells out;
With little effort on his part, he reaches out and GRABS her
wrist, TWISTS...She's on the floor, with her arm stuck out in
the air behind her, her wrist still between his fingers. He
could literally break her arm in half.
          I asked you to show me what you
know, and you did. Not a goddamn
          Like all yankee women, the only
thing you know how to do is order
          in restaurants and spend a man's
          Excruciating isn't it? I asked you
          I could chop off your arm at will.
He raises his other hand to chop off her arm.
          If you wish to speak romantic
languages, you've come to the wrong
          Please don't cut my arm off!
          It's my arm now. I can do with it
what I please. If you can stop me,
          Have you ever felt this before?
          Compared to me you're as helpless
as a worm fighting an eagle, aren't
He lets go of her wrist. She cradles her still-throbbing arm.
          Is it your wish to learn how to
make others as helpless as you
          I'll be the judge of    that.
Draw me a bath...your    training will
begin tomorrow. That    arm is still
mine. You may lose it    yet.
Pai Mei stands in front of a wood wall three inches in front
of him. His right fist is cocked back by his breastplate,
he's concentrating on a certain spot on the wall.
The Bride stands behind him, watching.
He lets out a SCREAM, and puts his fist THROUGH THE WALL.
He turns to the new student;
          Since your arm now belongs to me, I
want it strong. Can you do that?
          I can, but not that close.
          I can put my hand through that at
          And you could shoot a man from a
if you so desired, but this is not
what I asked. What if your enemy is
three inches in front of you, what
do you do then? Curl into a ball?
Or do you put your fist through
He HITS the wall again leaving another hole.
The Bride takes her place in front of the wall. She HITS it.
Only managing to stain the wall with the blood from her
scraped knuckles. Then again. And again....
Both Pai Mei    and The Bride sit at the dinner table. Pai Mei
concentrates    on eating. The Bride's hand is scraped bloody.
She tries to    eat a bowl of rice with chopsticks, but her
fingers won't    work. She puts down the sticks and takes a
scoop of rice    with her fingers.
Pai Mei WHACKS her on top of her head with his stick.
            If you want to eat like a dog, I
will make you live and sleep like a
dog. Outside. If you want to live
and sleep like a human being, pick
She looks at her fucked-up hand, then to the wall,
            It's the wood that       should fear your
hand, not the other       way around. No
wonder you can't do       it, you
acquiesce to defeat       before you even
He walks off in a huff.
Pai Mei and The Bride stand at the edge of a large, round
deep pit, dug in the earth .
          In that pit, is a rat.
We see one lone rat in the huge pit.
          In the sky, is a bird.
Pai Mei brings a golden bow and arrow into Frame, and SHOOTS
A BIRD FALLS to the earth with a golden arrow stuck through
          You are to go into that pit, and
catch that rat, with your bare
hands. If you catch the rat, I will
deem you the victor, and tonight
you will dine on bird. But, if you
can't catch the rat by sundown,
I'll deem the victor the rat. And
because of the disgrace to my
student, I will be forced to kill
it. And then I will force you, to
consume his body. Because to be my
student, you must develop a taste
She hops into the pit, gets down on the ground, lock eyes
with her rodent opponent, and goes after it.
Practicing her Tiger/Crane combo Kung Fu.
At NIGHT punching the wall in front of her in her sleep.
Trying to catch the rat to no avail.
A golden arrow kills the rat.
She looks up and sees Pai Mei, golden bow in his hand,
looking down on her. It's sundown.
She picks her dead foe up from the earth, and removes the
golden arrow. Then with the rat in her hand, she looks up to
          I acknowledge defeat at the paws of
this rat. However, I will not eat
this filthy vermin. What I will
But tomorrow, you kill a big bird.
She POPS the tiny rat heart in her mouth, and begins to chew.
Pai Mei looking down on her, says;
We do a Shaw Brothers ZOOM into a CU on Pai Mei, he gives an
Pai Mei splashing by himself in his huge bathtub, when he
          Woman, is that you who disturbs my
She answers from outside the door;
She does, bowing to one knee.
            What news do you find so worthy, as
            I did it teacher. I put my fist
looking at the hole in the wall.
            Very good. Would you care to
She moves in front of the wall.....Takes her position...Her
right hand in a fist -- Locked and loaded into position....
With Her left hand she reaches out and touches the wall where
she'll strike....Like she's transferring her energy into the
She hits it HARD, but her fist doesn't go through.
Her eyes sneak a look at the old man, who wears no
            I think you watching is making me
            Not only that, it has you speaking
before you were spoken to. Try
And when she does, she DOES it.
She immediately goes down to her knees;
He just as immediately, lifts her back up.
          You still fight better than you
He MOVES the wall one inch in front of her.
Then the old man leaves to finish his bath.
The blonde gal begins again....Fist against wood...no
PITCH BLACK -- The Flashlight Beam turns on. CU The BRIDE in
Profile. Her breathing is normal. We can hear the soft beat
of her heart inside the pine box. Her composure is back.
Taking the flashlight, she Shines the beam on the lid above
her....Along the line of the coffin's rim and the lid where
many nails meet....Then down to her Red Cowboy Boots, bound
by a leather belt around her.
Raising her knees, as much as the coffin will allow, and
wiggling her feet, she slips her bare feet our of the boots
and the belt's binding...Then, using her bare feet, then her
bound-at-the-wrist hands, to pass one of the boots up to
her...When the red boot is in her grasp, she turns it upside
Opening the razor, she slices through the ropes that tie her
wrists, till both hands are free.
She positions the flashlight so its Beam Shines on the coffin
lid. The lid's about an inch and a half from the tip of her
nose, about three inches from her hand.
AS COMBAT DRUMS BEGIN TO BEAT ON THE SOUNDTRACK, she begins
to concentrate. Her eyes focus on the wood above her, her
left hand reaches out, touches the pine, passing her energy
...Her long, white fingers, ball up into a FIST....
...and that FIST begins STRIKING the coffin lid above her.
With each Strike she lets out a KARATE SCREAM...
Her FIST SMASHES into the wood, leaving BLOOD on the lid...
Dirt begins to sift through the cracks onto the Bride...
THE LID SMASHES and dirt pours into the coffin like water...
Through six feet of dirt, we watch, the Bride - DIG - CLIMB -
SWIM - SPROUT - BURROW - trough the earth like a sprouting
plant and a burrowing mole combined, clawing for surface air.
A SHOT straight out of an Italian horror film. We see the
tombstone of "PAULA SCHULTZ," and the mound of dirt over her
The Bride's hand breaks the surface...then like one of
Fulci's Zombies, Claws, Digs, and Pulls herself from mother
Once extracted from her  final resting place, she
rolls over on her back, exhausted. She drinks in the night's
air as if it were gulps of water.
DIRT is in, on, and under every crack, crevice, and wrinkle
SHE looks like a beautiful sculpture, made out of dirt.
A Texas diner across the street from the graveyard. A YOUNG
SODA JERK stands behind the counter, waiting for a customer,
when he sees something approaching through the restaurant's
big picture window that makes him look twice.
Through the picture window, we see the Bride, emerge from the
Texas night, and walk towards the diner looking for all the
world like a six-foot tall female version of the Peanuts
character "PIG PEN." With each of her footfalls, a smaller
mushroom cloud of dust comes off her.
The dirty blonde, walks into the diner, sits on a stool at
the counter directly across from the Soda Jerk, and says;
          I'd like a glass of water.
Behind the wheel of a hot black and gold Trans Am, driving
full out on top of the desert's surface. Spanish Rock coming
The car stops in front of Budd's camper. She shuts off the
The camper door opens, Budd squints outside through the
bright gold, hot desert morning, at the Tall Blonde Girl with
Budd and Elle in the tiny kitchen of Budd's tiny camper. Elle
sits a the kitchen table, a black suitcase by her feet. Budd
stands at a blender making them both breakfast margaritas, as
he finishes telling the tale of last night.
          I got to give it to ya Budd, that's
a pretty fucked up way to die.
What's the name on the grave she's
Budd turns on the NOISY blender, as Elle writes down the    name
Paula Schultz on a small notepad, placing it back inside    her
pocket. As the blender MASHES ICE, Elle looks around and    sees
the Bride's Hanzo sword in its sheath, leaning up against    the
T.V. In the front room. Budd shuts the blender off.
          Can I look at the sword?
          That's my money in that black case,
          Well then, it's your sword now.
The tall blonde girl steps into the living room, takes the
Hanzo sword, and sits back down on the kitchen chair.
She slowly removes the Japanese steel from its wood sheath.
          So this, is a Hattori Hanzo sword.
Budd answers as he fills up two former peanut butter jars
          Bill tells me you once had one of
          How does this one compare to that
          If you're gonna compare a Hanzo
sword, you compare it to every
          sword ever made -- wasn't made by
Hattori Hanzo. Here, wrap your lips
He hands her her margarita, she takes a sip. He takes a gulp.
          So, which "R" you filled with?
          They say the number one killer of
got'em a job to do, they tend to
live a little longer so they can do
and their enemies share the same
gonna hafta face your enemy on the
battlefield no more, which "R" are
you filled with, Relief or Regret?
          Bullshit. I'm sure you do feel a
little bit of both. But I know damn
well you feel one more than you
feel the other. The question was
Elle looks right at him with her eye, and says;
          Yeah you gotta hand it to the ol'
girl. I never saw nobody buffalo
Bill the way she buffaloed Bill.
Bill useta think she was so damn
smart. I tried to tell him... Bill,
she's just smart for a blonde.
He looks over at Elle and grins.
She gestures to the black suitcase by her feet.
He smiles and lifts it up on the table, unzipping it open.
Lying inside is a cool million, the thousand dollar bills are
inside stacks of a hundred thousand each. At the sight of all
this lettuce, Budd lets out a whistle.
He lifts a stack out of the bag, then another, then
another...and when he lifts the third stack out, he looks
down and sees a BLACK MAMBA SNAKE coiled underneath.
The Black Mamba opens its WIDE JAWS...and LEAPS RIGHT AT
...STRIKING Budd in the face repeatedly in blurred succession
Budd topples out of the kitchen chair onto the floor, bundles
Elle takes a sip of her Margarita.
The Black Mamba leaves Budd and goes under the refridgerator.
Elle looks down, Budd    lies on his back on the kitchen floor
at her feet. His face    is already grotesquely swollen and
white as a sheet. The    serpent's extraordinarily potent venom
makes a full-frontal    assault on the cowboys's nervous system.
          Oh, I'm sorry Budd, that was rude
of me wasn't it? Budd -- I'd like
to introduce my friend, The Black
Black Mamba -- this is Budd. You
know before I picked up that little
fella, I looked him up on the
"...In Africa, the saying goes, in
the bush, an elephant can kill you.
A leopard can kill you. And a Black
Mamba can kill you. But only with
the Mamba, and this has been true
in Africa since the dawn of time,
is death sure. Hence its handle;
"...Its neurotoxic venom is one of
causing paralysis. The venom of a
Black Mamba can kill a human in
four hours, if say bitten on the
ankle or the thumb. However, a bite
to the face or torso can bring
Now you should listen to this cause
The amount of venom that can be
delivered from a single bit can be
-- You know I've always liked that
word Gargantuan, and I so rarely
have an opportunity to use it in a
"If not treated quickly with anti
fatal to human beings. However, the
Black Mamba can deliver as much as
Elle finishes reading and puts the paper away. She looks down
at Budd at her feet, going through all the symptoms she just
          Now in these last agonizing minutes
of life you have left, let me
comes to that bitch, I gotta lotta
"R's" in me. Revenge is one.
definitely one. But I got another
          "R" for that bitch you might be
surprised to find out. Respect. But
right at this moment, the biggest
"R" I feel, is Regret. Regret that
maybe the greatest warrior I have
ever met, met her end at the hands
piece of shit like you. The woman
Budd, dying, watches from the floor as Elle takes out her
cell phone and presses one button. The other party comes on
the line, but we never hear their side.
Budd tries to make a sound from the floor, Elle calmly places
          She put a Black Mamba in his
Let me put it this way. If you ever
Austin, Texas. When you get here,
walk into a florist and buy a bunch
of flowers. Then you take those
Fuller and Guadalupe, look for the
then lay them on the grave. Because
you will be standing at the final
The BRIDE'S DRIVER'S LICENSE , with both her
picture and the name, BEATRIX KIDDO. Yes, that's her real
CLASSROOM of st Graders on the first day of class.
A st GRADE TEACHER reads roll call;
WE WHIP PAN ACROSS A bunch of kids to an EX CU of st grader
WHIP PAN TO AN EX CU OF The grown-up BRIDE,
          I'm so sorry baby. --Look, I can
get there in about four hours,
No no no no no, you need me baby.
Okay, I'm leaving now, go smoke
some pot or something. I'll be
She hangs up the cell phone, and looks down at the dead man
Picking up the Hanzo sword, she climbs down on the floor on
her hands and knees to pick up the fallen money.
out from under the refrigerator, behind Elle...
Elle senses it. And slowly turns her head to look back..
Both Black Mamba and Elle Driver LOCK EYES...
ZOOM INTO BOTH CU's tighter and tighter, till Elle says;
The viper known as death incarnate, LEAPS at Elle.
Elle flicks her wrist slightly. She doesn't even swing the
The snake's head touches it, and is immediately SEPARATED
ELLE'S EYES look down at the Japanese steel in her hand.
a smidgen of crimson blood is on the silver steel.
          Now that's what I call sharp.
Elle exits the camper with both the sword and the black
She climbs into her gold and black Trans Am, starts up the
...she thinks she hears something...she looks out her
The dirty BLONDE BRIDE behind the wheel of her new, enormous
red pickup truck, HEADING RIGHT FOR HER...
behind the wheel, HEADING RIGHT FOR HER...VEGEANCE THEME
her jaw drops open. She's gobsmacked. Not only does she see
the dead walk, she sees the dead behind two tons of metal
The Red Pickup T-BONES the Trans Am, the gold and black car
FLIES through the air, then ROLLS OVER AND OVER about five
times in the desert sand and dirt...ending upside down.
The dirty blonde looks out her windshield at the wreckage of
the black and gold sports car. A smile with the slightest
hint of satisfaction, spreads across her face.
She hops out of the truck and into Budd's camper.
As she walks through the door, Budd's dead, swollen body
greets her. As does her serpent namesake, dead on the floor
She begins searching the camper, quickly, for something in
particular. We don't have the slightest clue what it could
EX CU The BRIDE'S EYE - Watching.
Budd's camper, seen from up high looking down.
Budd's camper, Budd exits by himself.
She watches from a high perch, Budd practicing with a ...
searching under his bed, she sees a sword on the floor,
resting in a shiny, black wood mahagony sheath. She removes
Its one of Hanzo's sheaths. She opens it. It is a Hanzo
sword. Near the handle, etched in the steel, are the English
words; "To My Brother Budd, The Only Man I Ever Loved, from
She closes the sheath, this will do. She sees a pair    of
cowboy boots. Picks one up and places the sole of the    boot
against the sole of her foot. Her feet and this man's    boot
are around the same size. She slips her dirty feet in    them.
Elle crawls from the wreckage of the Trans Am, holding the
Hanzo sword, looking like she's just been in a car wreck.
A cut on her head makes blood run down the side of her face.
Luckily for her, not the side with the good eye.
The camper door swings open. The Bride emerges from Budd's
home, looking like a Barbie doll that's been dug up after ten
years buried in the backyard, carrying a Hanzo sword. Every
footfall creating a cloud of dust.
The two women, each carrying a samurai sword, face each other
A shark smile spreads across Elle's face.
          Bravo, Bea. I actually thought that
alacky had got the best of you.
The Bride unsheaths her sword with great flourish.
          Guess that makes him a liar, don't
Without raising their swords into position, the two blonde
          I was wondering, just 'tween us
girls, what did you say to Pai Mei
for him to snatch out your eye?
of Pai Mei SNATCHING out Elle's eye with his Eagle's Claw.
          Were I to do it over again, I'd
          You wouldn't lie to me now?
Elle raises up The Bride's Hanzo sword into position.
The Bride raises up her sword.
          I saw what you did to that little
Mamba in there. Want to try that on
The Bride completely drops her sword stance and her samurai
          Oh    Elle,   I    should warn   you    before
can    take   a    little   getting    used   to.
Careful not to cut your own arm
The Bride brings her sword back into combat position.
The two blonde warriors....swords in position...no longer
circle each other....but instead move forward...closer and
closer to each other....one baby step at a time...
Their separate GRIPS on the SWORD'S HANDLE.
The Tips of each other's Blade.
As the Operatic Spaghetti Western Music Builds to a
crescendo...we CUT BACK AND FORTH between CU's of the two
women that get TIGHTER AND TIGHTER as we ZOOM in CLOSER and
Both women let loose with a    Samurai Grunt and Swing.
TWO SHOT: The TWO WOMEN WARRIORS stand their ground, STRIKING
and DEFENDING...When they stop, no one's been touched.
The TWO WOMEN - Swords in attack position - stare across to
the other one, as they prepare for their next attack...
Now they begin to circle again.
CU THEIR FEET making a circular walk.
EX CU BLADES MEET -- However this time we don't know who's on
the left or the right. One Blade maneuvers around the other.
EX EX CU: of TIP OF BLADE SLICING OPEN SKIN, about a quarter
of an inch. It looks like a scalpel cut. No blood. Just skin
separating. We don't know who's cut.
The TWO WOMEN stand and face each other. Neither knows if
it's them who has been struck. Neither woman bleeds.
We feel a count of...One Mississippi...
EX CU: ONE SILVER BLADE, clean as a whistle.
EX CU: ONE SILVER BLADE with a smudge of CRIMSON BLOOD on its
We feel a count of Two Mississippi...
BLOOD begins to PROJECTILE SPRAY out of a slice in Elle's
neck only a quarter of an inch long. The Blood does not exit
the neck as liquid but as a FINE RED MIST, like that of an
aerosol can, we even HEAR the slight SPRAY WHISTLE. Elle
feels nothing. She turns her eyes towards the sound of the
spray, and sees the blood escaping her like air from a
balloon. She lifts her hand and places it in the path of the
spray, it's immediately BATHED IN RED.
As her blood continues to escape, both women look across each
The effect is that Elle Driver is a balloon and her life is
escaping before both their very eyes. And now looking across
at each other, the two women see the other for the first
time, not as adversaries, or opponents, or as rivals, or as
Elle no longer has enough life in her to stand up...She falls
to her knees in front of The Bride....
...then as she dies, she leans the side of her head against
The Bride's standing body. Her blood runs down The Bride's
leg. As she passes on, Elle gently wraps her arms around the
The Bride's hands go down to Elle's long blonde hair, and
begins gently stroking it, easing her pain as she expires.
Only in death do they find the sisterhood that could have
The Bride standing, Elle on her knees, the desert surrounds
The Bride has finished burying Elle. She sticks a jerry
rigged wood cross in the ground as a marker. Then using her
carves the name "L. DRIVER" on the cross.
Then drives away in the big red pickup.
Bill on the patio of his beautiful hacienda home (named Villa
Quatro) located on the beach in Mexico. At the moment Bill
partaking of his current hobby......Flower Arranging.
With his hands among various flowers of BRIGHT COLORS, he
sorts and prunes a very pretty arrangement.
Bill's Mexican housekeeper, JOSEPHINA, appears on the patio.
          Mr. Bill, you wanted me to tell you
Yes, I got to go and meet the
          Oh yes Mr. Bill, it's very pretty.
          Why don't you put it on the dinner
table, so we can enjoy it tonight.
As he heads out the patio, he tells her;
around the house, if you would.
He exits the patio, then turns around and pops his head back
          You know I just had a great idea.
Take the roses, and spread the
petals on the bed I just got for
her. That'd be a nice thing to come
home to, wouldn't it, a bed of
          Oh, she'll love that Mr. Bill.
          You wouldn't mind doing that for
We follow behind Bill as he moves through his house...He
slips on his jacket...Grabs his keys...TWO energetic GERMAN
SHEPHERDS follow him out the front door onto his driveway.
On his way to his silver Porsche, he roughhouse plays with
the dogs, speaking to them in Spanish. When he gets to the
sports-car, the dogs won't leave him alone, and one jumps on
the Porsche. He yells at it in Spanish;
          Get the fuck off the car, Lucy,
The gates in front of Bill's Hacienda home open, and his
silver Porsche hits the streets running.
A SUSPENSE THEME PLAYS OVER THE SHOTS of The Bride's Eye
every time we cut to it. Over the SHOTS OF BILL DRIVING we
hear a SPANISH TRAGIC LOVE BALLAD, coming from the car radio.
driving his convertible as the beach WHIZZES by in the
Dirt Road, lined by greener than green trees, the Porsche
kicks up dirt ZOOMING down it.
driving as the Spanish love song plays.
A striking but antiseptic-looking INSTITUTION of some sort,
surrounded by the beautiful foliage of Mexico. Bill's silver
The institution is not Spanish in style, but on the contrary
it's a clinical new-age box-like structure made up of clear
glass doors and walls and the color beige.
Bill walks through the glass doors, to a lone Asian FEMALE
RECEPTIONIST, her desk is the only furniture in the lobby. In
JAPANESE he explains to her his reason for being there.
...watching...we now leave any shot of Bill not from the
Bride's perspective. The SUSPENSE THEME is STRETCHED TIGHTER
and TIGHTER as we look through the Bride's POV and listen to
noticed, that    all my kills have
The Bride's POV: The Glass-enclosed Institution, and Bill
standing by himself in the empty lobby.
          Y'all figured I'd face him with my
          Hanzo sword, aye? Well, I figured
Bill figured the same thing. I am
Bill, Pai Mei, and Hattori Hanzo.
different things. But one thing I
learned from all three, was "in
combat, the opponent that does the
be the victor." Bill would never
see this coming. Not from me. And
least any of you judge me a
who taught me how to shoot.
As the Bride has said these things, WE'VE seen    INSERTS of her
putting together her high-powered scope rifle.    Snapping on
the scope sight. Setting the FOCUS through the    CROSSHAIRS.
Loading the heavy-duty AMMO. Curling her long    white finger
SCOPE SIGHT POV: Bill's head in between the Crosshairs.
SUSPENSE THEME is STRETCHED TIGHTER STILL...it will soon
looking through the Institution's glass wall. The elevator in
the lobby opens...and A LITTLE GIRL steps out, and runs into
Bill's arms. A LITTLE GIRL about five years old. A FIVE-YEAR
OLD LITTLE GIRL with blonde hair. Bill picks up the Little
Girl and lifts her HEAD into the CROSSHAIRS of the SCOPE
SUSPENSE THEME SNAPS into an OPERATIC WAIL...
EX CU: The Bride's finger, pops off the trigger.
EX CU: The Bride's eye, A HUGE TEAR FALLS OUT...We move out
of the eyeball, into a MEDIUM CU of The Bride, tears falling
down her face...She can't believe what she's looking
The Bride remembering, while she was in her wide-eyed coma
state, lying on an operating table, as DOCTORS AND NURSES
performed a Cesarean childbirth on her. The NEWBORN INFANT is
passed to other hands above her wide-eyed unblinking
In one moment, Bill has managed to suddenly change the game.
Silence, except for a few birds.
WE HEAR the Roaring of an Engine, and the Silver Porsche
Bill behind the wheel, his little girl asleep in the
passenger seat. He sees something ahead.
A convertible Volkswagen Karman Ghia enters the road heading
in the opposite direction. It's a long long long way off, but
it will get closer every second.
Bill senses something about this automobile, and throws a
His cell phone RINGS, he answers it.
The Bride behind the wheel of the convertible, her long
blonde hair whipping in the wind, talks to Bill for the first
time in five years and six months.
          I hear you were driving a truck?
          My pussy wagon died on me. Who's
He glances down at the sleeping child.
          Oh, you mean the little tow head
The Bride gets choked up again, emotion betrays her voice.
She wipes her eyes. Her hand moves under her shirt,
          Not now, she's in dream land.
          What do you mean by that?
          How many years has she been alive?
Don't ask how old she is, ask, if
Aren't mothers like God, aren't you
Have dinner with us at my hacienda
I knew you were on your way, so I
told B.B. Her mommy was coming to
What have you told her about me?
That you were sick, that you were
asleep, but one day you'd wake up
And she asked me, "If Mommy's been
asleep since I was born, how will
she know what I look like?" To
been dreaming of you." And she
dreaming of her." So I gave her a
          The one I took of you in Paris,
sitting on the steps with the
baguette in your hand. Since she
was one and a half years old, she's
slept with that picture of you next
The EXACT PHOTO DISSOLVES OVER The Bride's face, then
          You know, prettier photos of me do
          And she's seen them. But the one
she wants looking after her while
she sleeps is the one of you
          Well, it just so happens, my
hacienda comes with its very own
beach, just so happens to look
happens to be a full moon out
          want to sword fight, that's where I
suggest. But if you wanna be old
school about it - then we can wait
till dawn, and slice each other up
at sunrise, like a couple real life
honest to goodness samurais. As per
usual Kiddo, I'll leave the big
          Slow down as we pass...I want
          I have a dress all picked out.
          You said I looked beautiful last
time you saw me in it.
His foot moves off the gas, slowing the car; her foot does
The cars in SLOW MOTION start to pass.
The Bride looks into the other car.
We ZOOM past Bill to the little girl in the passenger seat.
We go ONE FRAME AT A TIME till the car moves past us, to Bill
holding a pistol with a large silencer pointing right at our
face. He FIRES. It emits only a tiny PHOOF.
The Bride throws herself across the passenger seat as the
driver's side window EXPLODES over her head.
The two cars pass each other.
The Bride straightens herself in the driver's seat. She looks
in the rearview as Bill and her daughter drive away. Grabbing
the cell phone she screams in it;
Bill on his cell, eyes on rearview.
          Now you just wait one second there
we are trying to kill each other
aren't we? Now I wasn't planning on
taking a shot at you in front of
the squirt, but, she is asleep. And
if you're gonna forget everything I
ever taught you, and gawk like you
ain't got good sense, I'm gonna
take a shot, am I not?
          Of course not. She's like you that
I look forward to this evening. It
was great speaking with you, Bea.
Hattori Hanzo lies sleeping on his mat...
His phone wakes him up in the middle of the night...He
The Bride's on the phone, calling Japan, in tears.
          She's alive! My baby girl's alive!
The same shot we saw during the opening credits. She's
dressed in a white bridal gown, the exact replica of the one
Over her CU we DISSOLVE TO A CU OF HANZO talking to her
          Half of Bill's strength, lies in
If you intend to vanquish this man,
and claim your daughter, you must
not only expect the unexpected. You
WE DISSOLVE BACK to The Bride.
We see the same shots as before of The Bride driving up to
Bill's villa, through his iron gates, and parking by his
front door. We see TWO BLACK-SUITED MALE SATELLITES approach
She climbs out of her vehicle, goes to the back, opens the
boot, and removes her MOSSBERG PUMP ACTION SHOTGUN.
She SLIDES THE PUMP once, and FIRES.
ONE is BLOWN APART by the blast.
She SLIDES THE PUMP a second time...BLAST.
...and BLASTS the front door, kicking it open and stepping
ANOTHER BLACK-SUITED SATELLITE hurries down the stairs,
She FIRES the shotgun into his kneecap...
He TUMBLES down the stairs landing at her feet.
She points the shotgun straight down at his face.
She FIRES...Then moves further into the house.
Apparently, this is the do-the-unexpected part of her plan.
Fuck the charade, storm the camp, kill everyone she comes
across, send Bill to hell, scoop up her daughter, and head
She enters the butcher block kitchen, and finds Bill's cook
Josephina stares at the shotgun barrel pointed at her.
She grabs the housekeeper, and shoves her into the kitchen
          Stay in here and don't come out. If
you leave this room I'll shoot you,
She closes the pantry door, and moves into the hallway
With her back against the wall, holding her weapon tight, she
moves down the hall. As she creeps, an unseen Bill yells to
the servants, I'm in the living
room. You remember how to get to
the living room, don'tcha? Go down
to the end of the hall, and make a
Back against the wall she creeps down the hall to the end.
She pumps the slide, and TURNS THE CORNER - SHOTGUN RAISED -
EX CU The BRIDE'S EYES - blink once.
EX CU HER FINGER comes off the trigger.
What the Bride sees in front of her is, Bill in a    tuxedo,
holding a small, orange squirt gun pointed at her.    Standing
next to him is five-year-old little B.B., dressed    up in a
very pretty party dress, arm outstretched holding    a orange
squirt gun, aimed at The Bride.
The three look at each other for a moment, then Bill says;
Then he suddenly clutches his abdomen like he's just been
B.B. lowers her gun and plays out a big dying scene alongside
her dad...Bill falls to the floor.
Bill on the floor, says up to his little girl;
The little girl falls down pretend dead.
The Bride, still absentmindedly pointing her weapon at them,
Bill delivers his lines from the floor, spoken like a dying
          You did it Quick Draw Kiddo. You
And with these last words, pretends to die.
But then while pretending to be dead, he speaks in a dramatic
Gunn was only playing possum, due
to the fact she was impervious to
B.B. raises her head off the floor and says;
Hey, get back down there, you're
The little girl's head drops back down.
approached, what she thought, was a
B.B. springs up holding her tiny orange squirt gun and says;
The Bride continues watching in gobsmackery.
Bill raises his head off the floor, and says to her in his
          Mommy, you're dead - so die.
The Bride shakes off her confusion, and acts out a big death
          Oh, B.B., you got me. I should have
She falls to the floor and pretends to die.
The little girl in her party dress, runs over to the big girl
in her wedding dress, and kneels over her mommy.
          Don't die Mommy, I was just
From the floor, looking up at her daughter, she speaks to her
          I waited a long time for you to
wake up, Mommy. Did you dream of me
The female killer says to her daughter as mommieness begins
She holds her daughter out at arm's length to get a better
          Now let me look at you. My my my...
What a pretty girl you are.
B.B. starts stroking her mother's long blonde hair.
All of a sudden, Bill has joined them on the floor.
          When I showed you Mommy's picture,
          C'mon shy girl, you know what you
said, tell Mommy, it'll make her
As she strokes her long blonde hair, little B.B. says;
          I said - I said - You're the most
beautiful woman I ever saw in the
          That's the truth. That's what she
B.B. points to Manny's blood, which splashed a little on the
          Oh, Mommy spilled something on her
          No. Kool-Aid. Do you like Kool-Aid?
          Do you not like it, or do you not
          I do not know what it is.
          Well, it's a very tasty beverage
that I used to drink, when I was a
little girl. It comes in a lot of
it's really good. Maybe we should
fix some sometime. Want to do that?
The little girl gives a big nod, yes.
          Speaking of fixing and drinking and
eating, I think it's dinner time
B.B. does an exaggerated nod, yes.
When you were doin all that fancy
shootin, you didn't happen to shoot
a nice Mexican woman about forty
Whew, then dinner should be done.
Josephina! You can come out now,
He offers his hand to Mommy, and helps her to her feet. Then
          Want to go on top of the world?
He scoops the little girl up, puts her on his shoulders, and
as the mommy and the daddy and their little girl walk through
the house towards the dinner table, Bill and B.B. Sing The
Carpenter's song, "Top Of The World." It's obviously one of
The dining room of Bill's house. The family, mother father
and daughter, sit at the dinner table eating.
          B.B., don't you think Mommy has the
prettiest hair in the whole wide
          In fact it's better than pretty.
The Bride shows no sign of thawing around Bill.
          You know baby, Mommy's kinda mad at
Why? Where you a bad daddy?
I'm afraid I was. I was a real bad
Our little girl learned about life
You want to tell Mommy about what
I killed him. I didn't mean to, but
I stepped on him and he stopped
Emilio was her goldfish. She came
running into my room holding the
fish in her hand, crying, "Daddy
daddy, Emilio's dead." And I said,
"Really, that's so sad. How did he
die?" And what did you say?
Actually young lady, the words you
To which I queried, "And just how
did your foot accidentally find its
she told me no no no, Emilio was on
the carpet when she stepped on him.
just how did Emilio get on the
carpet? And Mommy, you would have
been real proud of her, because she
didn't lie. She said she took
Emilio out of his bowl, and put him
on the carpet. And what was Emilio
And then you stomped on him?
And when you lifted your foot up,
And you knew what that meant,
She told me later, that the second
she lifted up her foot and saw him
not flapping, she knew he was dead.
Is that not the perfect visual
image of life and death? A fish
flapping on the carpet, and a fish
not flapping on the carpet. So
powerful even a five-year old child
with no concept of life and death
knew what it meant. Not only did
she know Emilio was dead, she knew
she had killed him. So she comes
Emilio in both of her little hands -
it was so cute - and she wanted me
to make Emilio better. And I asked
her, why did she step on Emilio?
And she said, she didn't know. But
I knew why. You didn't mean to hurt
Emilio, you just wanted to see what
would happen if you stepped on him,
And what happens when you stomp on
Emilio, is you kill him. And you
So we drove down to the beach, had
a little funeral, and gave Emilio a
burial at sea. And right now I'm
sure he's happy as can be, swimmin
But the point being, our child
One, about life and death. The
other, somethings once you do, they
can't be undone. I knew just how
Well sweety, I love Mommy, but I
did to Mommy what you did to
I shot Mommy. Not pretend shoot,
like we were just doing. I shot her
Did you want to see what would
No, I   knew what   would happen to
Mommy   if I shot   her. What I didn't
know,   is when I   shot Mommy, what
          I was very sad. And that was when I
          Are you okay Mommy. Does it hurt?
          No sweety, it doesn't hurt anymore.
          It put me to sleep. That's why I
haven't been with you B.B., I've
Bill sits on the steps of his porch in the back of the house
drinking a glass of red wine. The steps lead to the beach and
Beatrix steps out onto the porch, and sits down on the steps
Between them the dawn sky breaks.
          Did she go to sleep easy?
          It took her a little bit. She was
          Well, if she doesn't like you, you
got to kill her to say hello. But
if she likes you, you can't shut
her up. She's a chip off the ole
He holds up the bottle of vino.
She shakes her blonde head, no.
          C'mon, Bea, you're a whole lot more
fun with a couple glasses of wine
We're going to go out there and
She shakes her blonde head, yes.
          Well, I've already had    a glass. So
unless you want to win    by an unfair
advantage, you should    have a glass
of wine. So we're both    on the same
She holds out the empty glass, and he fills it with red.
          You know, there's an old man down
here, his name is Esteban Viharo.
He was a pimp. I knew him when I
was a child. He was a friend of my
mother's. I told him about you.
When I showed him your picture he
"Yesss, I see the attraction." He
told me a story about taking me to
the movies when I was five. It was
a movie which had Lana Turner in
it. And whenever she would appear
on screen, he said I would stick my
thumb in my mouth and suck it, to
an obscure amount. And he knew
right then, this boy will be a fool
          Who would of ever thought you'd be
          Well not you, that's for damn sure.
          Must we have to endure your little
          No we mustn't. But if you're going
to say sentences like that, in the
          Baby, you don't have a future.
          I sent you to L.A. and you never
came back. I thought you'd been
killed. Do you know how cruel it is
to make someone think someone they
love is dead? I mourned you. Then
in the third month of my mourning,
I track you down. I wasn't trying
to track you down, I was trying to
track down - the fucking assholes -
who I thought killed you. And when
I find you, what to I find? Not
only are you not dead, you're
getting married - to some fuckin
jerk - and you're pregnant? How do
          Why do you think I hid?
          Why did you leave in the first
place? You have cold eyes towards
temperature, but they were warm the
second to the last time I saw them,
or was that just my imagination?
The Bride decides to tell all. As she tells this story, parts
will be shown on the screen.
To give herself a running start with the story she starts it
          You sent me to L.A. to kill that
          You are you talking in Japanese?
What the hell do you care what I
talk in? Don't you know when to
keep your mouth shut? I'm trying to
tell you what you want to know, if
you'll just shut up and listen and
stop talking! Now may I continue?
The morning I left, I threw up. I
Japanese anymore - on the plane, I
threw up. When I got to my hotel, I
threw up. So naturally I started
pregnant. So I bought one of those
home pregnancy kits. Went back to
my room and took the test. The
little strip said blue. I was going
to have a baby. I tried to call
you, but you weren't there, so I
just thought I'd call back later.
- Would you shut up, I'm trying to
So I just figured I'd call you back
later. I was just so happy, I put
on music and danced by myself in
the hotel suite, holding my little
What I didn't know, was at some leg
of my journey, I was spotted. With
me in Los Angeles it didn't take
Lisa Wong long to figure out
someone put a hit out on her. So
she sent an assassin of her own to
          kill me in my hotel room. As I was
There's a knock on the hotel room door.
The Bride stops dancing and goes to the door's peephole.
PEEPHOLE POV: A pretty KOREAN WOMAN in the blazer and skirt
outfit of a hotel manager. She's holding a basket of flowers.
The Bride says through the door;
          Hello, I'm Karen Kim, I'm the
hospitality manager of the hotel. I
have a welcome gift from the
          Oh, it's beautiful. But I'm kinda
busy at this second, could you
As she talks, she accidentally drops the blue strip, she
bends down to pick it up...
A SHOTGUN BLAST BLOWS A HOLE in the door, right where the
bent over woman was previously standing.
Karen kicks open the door, Pump Action Shotgun in hand.
The Bride's on her back, on the floor below her.
Karen aims the shotgun down at her.
With her foot, The Bride kicks the front door.
It SLAMS BACK HITTING Karen in the face.
The Bride scrambles to her feet, running for cover.
Karen pushes the door aside, steps into the room, and FIRES
The Bride DIVES out of the way.
The BLAST DESTROYS the side of the room it HITS.
The Bride comes up from the floor with her SOG in her hand,
and THROWS IT across the room at Karen...
Karen BLOCKS the thrown knife with her shotgun. The blade
sticking in the weapon's wooden stock. She removes the knife,
and drops it to the floor.
The Bride is a sitting duck. There's nothing she can do
          So you came here to kill Lisa Wong,
huh? Well that's my sister, bitch.
I'm Karen Wong, and I've come here
She raises the shotgun, and takes aim at The Bride...
          Yes, I'm an assassin. Yes I did
come here to kill your sister. But
I'm not gonna do that now.
          Oh, I know you're not --
          - listen to me! I just found out,
right now - not two minutes before
you blew a hole in the door, I'm
          On that table is the    home pregnancy
kit. On the floor by    the door is
the strip that says    I'm pregnant.
I'm telling you the    truth, I don't
want to and I won't    kill your
sister. I just want    to go home.
          What is this, bullshit story number
          Any other time you'd be a hundred
percent right. But this time you're
a hundred percent wrong. I'm the
deadliest woman in the world, but
right now I'm scared shitless for
my baby. Please, you hafta believe
me. Look at the strip, it's on the
Karen looks over to the door, and sees the tiny strip on the
          Sit down on that bed and put your
The Bride complies. Karen bends down and picks the strip off
the floor. Then takes the package it came in and reads the
          I'll read it myself, thank you.
It is blue, Karen's starting to believe her.
          Okay, say I were to believe you,
          Just go home. I'll do the same.
Karen does...She starts backing out of the room...before she
          You fucked with the Wong sisters.
          Facing Karen Wong, was the most
three years with that evil bastard
Pai Mei. Before that strip turned
blue, I was a woman, I was your
woman. I was a killer, who killed
for you. Before that strip turned
blue, I would have jumped a
motorcycle on to a speeding train
...for you. But once that strip
turned blue, I could no longer do
any of those things. Not anymore.
Because now I was a mother. A
mother who only had one thought on
her mind. Please don't harm my
          Yes. But why tell me now, and not
          You wouldn't have let me go.
Specially once you found out I was
talk me out of it. It would have
been a big scene. I just said fuck
          Bill, you couldn't know I was
claim it, and I didn't want that.
          That's not your decision to make.
          Yes, but it's the right decision.
And I made it for my daughter.
Everybody on this earth deserves to
start with a clean slate. But with
us - my daughter would be born into
a world she shouldn't be. Robbing
her of the one thing everybody
deserves. She would be born with
blood stains. I had to choose. I
She takes a sip of wine. It's morning now. And now it's her
          You know five years ago, if I had
to make a list of impossible things
You performing a coup de grace on
me by bustin a cap in my crown,
would be right at the top of the
          I'm sorry was that a question? Of
happen - yes in this instance you
          I already have. When I told you the
story of when I thought you were
dead. Didn't you get how badly I
          Well if that's too cryptic let's
the heart of a murdering bastard.
          You and I have unfinished business.
          You know how proud I am of you,
          You know I was rooting for you,
          You know on that beach out there I
want you to be the victor?
          You also know you're going to have
to defeat me. I can't just give it
to you, even though I want to.
          It won't be necessary for you to
          Well, as they say in Missouri, show
As the blue waves of the Gulf of Mexico crash on the beach,
The Bride in her bridal gown, and Bill, his tuxedo jacket
off, face each other in a combat stance.
Breeze blowing her blonde hair, holding her Hanzo sword in
stares across the sand to the figure of the Bride, his
student, facing him at sunrise with a weapon he taught her to
use. This is where all who teach combat artistry may end up.
Facing a Frankenstein monster of their own creation. He
removes his Hanzo sword from its sheath with GREAT FLOURISH.
The two combatants...quite far from each other...they intend
The VENGEANCE THEME EXPLODES ON THE SOUNDTRACK.
She takes her combat stance. But what she doesn't do is
remove her sword from its wood sheath. The fist of her left
hand is wrapped around the wood sheath's center. Her right
empty hand, raises and makes a beckoning gesture to Bill.
Then with a face completely devoid of emotion, says in
She's facing him, sword in sheath, hand far from handle, in a
standing still position, not moving a muscle of blinking an
eye, staring her laser beams in Bill's direction waiting for
He stands in a combat position, sword raises in a combat
He screams a samurai scream...and charges her...
We go back and forth, close, wide, low.
Using only her left arm, with the sheathed Hanzo sword in its
grip, she blocks all of his blows, right arm unmoving down at
her side...sort of like Pai Mei did to her earlier...his
sword and her sheath lock together...they're close to each
other, she brings up her right arm, sticks out two fingers,
and hits Bill on ten different pressure points on his body.
Then hits him straight on in the heart with her palm. His
body jolts, like he's just had a heart attack...he coughs up
a little blood...he looks at her.
The face of the cold ice woman Ninja, melts away before our
eyes, and the face of Beatrix Kiddo is filled once again with
          He taught you the ten point palm
He smiles at her duplicitly, and says with blood on his lips;
          No. You're not a bad person. You're
favorite person. But every once in
awhile...you can be a real cunt.
Bill turns his back to her...
And walks five steps in the opposite direction...with each
step his heart swells, on the fifth...
It BURSTS...WE HEAR A SOUND, like of a tire blowout...
The Bride walks over to his body.
Blood lies in a pool, by Bill's mouth.
She dips the tip of the blade in the blood, leaving the
She then removes the Bill handkerchief, and wipes Bill's
blood from off the blade onto the white cloth.
She lets the Bill handkerchief drop onto his body.
The Jingi sword Hattori Hanzo created, just for her, for this
purpose, has come to the end of its journey.
Beatrix, in a moment    of enormous generosity, allows herself,
one final tear, shed    for her corrupter, her enemy, the father
of her child,...her    MAN. The tear is for her as well. For
she's very aware she    will never ever be completely any other
EX CU The Hanzo BLADE slowly sliding into the wood sheath.
EX CU the single teardrop, sliding down her cheek.
The blade disappears inside the sheath.
The teardrop falls of her chin.
Her journey, her revenge, her victory, her unfinished
As a female voice sings a song on the soundtrack.
We see the Bride, get B.B.
The Bride and B.B. are driving away.
The Bride and B.B. eating in a coffee shop.
The Bride and B.B. in a motel room. They both wear bath
towels and both of their blonde heads are wet. The Bride sits
behind her on the bed, combing the little one's head.
The Bride spooning B.B. from behind, both of them are asleep.
B.B. Sits on the motel room bed, watching Saturday morning
The Bride is on the floor of the motel room bathroom, crying
She shoves a towel in her mouth so B.B. won't hear her.
We wonder for a moment what's wrong...
Till we see her face in CU...
Her tears are tears of joy.
She can't believe this is even happening.
Her daughter is alive. They're together. They get to begin
She covers her mouth so B.B. won't hear her crying and get
But as the deadliest woman on the planet, lies on the motel
room bathroom floor, smile on her face, twinkle in her eyes,
happier than she's ever been, she thinks one thought. Over
Thank you god...thank you god...thank you god...thank you
She washes her face in the sink, when she's presentable, she
walks out of the bathroom, jumps on the bed with her baby,
hugs her from behind as the two watch Saturday morning
Both blonde heads, the big one and the little one, next to
The lioness has been reunited with her cub, and all is right
"Like a Virgin" is all about a girl
who digs a guy with a big dick. The
whole song is a metaphor for big
No it's not. It's about a girl who
is very vulnerable and she's been
fucked over a few times. Then she
meets some guy who's really sensitive -
Tell that bullshit to the tourists.
Toby... who the fuck is Toby? Toby...
It's not about a nice girl who meets
a sensitive boy. Now granted that's
what "True Blue" is about, no argument
You don't remember "True Blue?" That
was a big ass hit for Madonna. Shit,
I don't even follow this Tops In
Pops shit, and I've at least heard
Look, asshole, I didn't say I ain't
heard of it. All I asked was how
does it go? Excuse me for not being
I like her early stuff. You know,
once she got into her "Papa Don't
Preach" phase, I don't know, I tuned
Hey, fuck all that, I'm making a
point here. You're gonna make me
Oh fuck, Toby's that little china
I found this old address book in a
jacket I ain't worn in a coon's age.
Toby what? What the fuck was her
You said "True Blue" was about a
nice girl who finds a sensitive fella.
But "Like a Virgin" was a metaphor
Let me tell ya what "Like a Virgin"'s
about. It's about some cooze who's a
regular fuck machine. I mean all the
dick, dick, dick, dick, dick, dick,
Then one day she meets a John Holmes
Charles Bronson in "The Great Escape."
It hurts. It hurts her. It shouldn't
hurt. Her pussy should be Bubble-Yum
by now. But when this cat fucks her,
it hurts. It hurts like the first
time. The pain is reminding a fuck
machine what is was like to be a
Fuck you, wrong. I'm right! What the
fuck do you know about it anyway?
Not wrong, dumb ass, Wong! You know,
Mr. White snatches the address book from Joe's hand. They
fight, but they're not really mad at each other.
What the fuck do you think you're
doin'? Give me my book back!
I'm sick of fuckin' hearin' it Joe;
I'll give it back when we leave.
Whaddaya mean, give it to me when we
For the past fifteen minutes now,
you've just been droning on with
fuckin' Charlie Chan." I got Madonna's
big dick outta my right ear, and
When you're annoying as hell, I care
I'm gonna do whatever I wanna do
Well, then, I'm afraid I'm gonna
Joe, you want me to shoot him for
Shit, you shoot me in a dream, you
Have you guys been listening to K-
BILLY's super sounds of the seventies
Yeah, it's fuckin' great isn't it?
Can you believe the songs they been
No, I can't. You know what I heard
and the DeFranco Family. I haven't
heard that since I was in fifth
When I was coming down here, I was
playin' it. And "The Night the Lights
Went Out in Georgia" came on. Now I
ain't heard that song since it was
big, but when it was big, I heard it
listening to it this morning, and
this was the first time I ever
realized that the lady singing the
song, was the one who killed Andy.
You didn't know Vicki Lawrence killed
I thought the cheatin wife shot Andy.
They say it in the song.
I know, I heard it. I musta zoned
out whenever that part came on before.
I thought when she said that little
sister stuff, she was talkin' about
No, she did it. She killed the
The table laughs. The WAITRESS comes over to the table. She
has the check, and a pot of coffee.
Can I get anybody more coffee.
No, we're gonna be hittin' it. I'll
She hands the bill to him.
Here ya go. Please pay at the
You guys have a wonderful day.
They all mutter equivalents. She exits and Joe stands up.
I'll take care of this, you guys
And when I come back, I want my book
Blonde, shoot this piece of shit,
Mr. Blonde shoots Mr. White with his finger. Mr. White acts
Okay, everybody cough up green for
Everybody whips out a buck, and throws it on the table.
Everybody, that is, except Mr. Pink.
I love this guy, he's a madman, this
Do you have any idea what these ladies
Don't give me that. She don't make
I don't even know a Jew who'd have
the balls to say that. So let's get
this straight. You never ever tip?
I don't tip because society says I
gotta. I tip when somebody deserves
a tip. When somebody really puts
forth an effort, they deserve a little
birds. As far as I'm concerned,
Our girl was okay. She didn't do
What's something special, take ya in
the kitchen and suck your dick?
I'd go over twelve percent for that.
Look, I ordered coffee. Now we've
been here a long fuckin' time, and
she's only filled my cup three times.
When I order coffee, I want it filled
The words "too busy" shouldn't be in
Excuse me, Mr. White, but the last
thing you need is another cup of
These ladies aren't starvin' to death.
They make minimum wage. When I worked
for minimum wage, I wasn't lucky
enough to have a job that society
Ahh, now we're getting down to it.
It's not just that he's a cheap
It is that too. But it's also he
couldn't get a waiter job. You talk
like a pissed off dishwasher: "Fuck
those cunts and their fucking tips."
So you don't care that they're
counting on your tip to live?
Mr. Pink rubs two of his fingers together.
Do you know what this is? It's the
You don't have any idea what you're
their ass. This is a hard job.
So's working at McDonald's, but you
don't feel the need to tip them.
They're servin' ya food, you should
tip em. But no, society says tip
these guys over here, but not those
They work harder than the kids at
Oh yeah, I don't see them cleaning
These people are taxed on the tips
they make. When you stiff 'em, you
graduates in this country. It's the
one job basically any woman can get,
and make a living on. The reason is
Hey, I'm very sorry that the
fucked up. But that ain't my fault.
it would appear that waitresses are
just one of the many groups the
government fucks in the ass on a
regular basis. You show me a paper
that, I'll sign it. Put it to a vote,
I'll vote for it. But what I don't
do is play ball. And this non-college
bullshit you're telling me, I got
two words for that: "Learn to fuckin'
type." Cause if you're expecting me
to help out with the rent, you're in
He's convinced me. Give me my dollar
Everybody laughs. Joe's comes back to the table.
Okay ramblers, let's get to rambling.
Wait a minute, who didn't throw in?
Cough up the buck, ya cheap bastard,
I paid for your goddamn breakfast.
Because you paid for the breakfast,
I'm gonna tip. Normally I wouldn't.
Whatever. Just throw in your dollar,
See what I'm dealing with here.
The eight men get up to leave. Mr. White's waist is in the
F.G. As he buttons his coat, for a second we see he's carrying
a gun. They exit Uncle Bob's Pancake House, talking amongst
When the credit sequence is finished, we FADE TO BLACK:
Over the BLACK we hear the sound of SOMEONE SCREAMING in
Under the screaming, we hear the sound of a car HAULING ASS,
Over the screams and the traffic noise, we hear SOMEBODY
Somebody stops screaming long enough to say:
I'm sorry. I can't believe she killed
The Somebody screaming is Mr. Orange. He lies in the backseat.
He's been SHOT in the stomach. BLOOD covers both him and the
Mr. White is the Somebody Else. He's behind the wheel of the
getaway car. He's easily doing  mph, dodging in and out of
traffic. Though he's driving for his life, he keeps talking
to his wounded passenger in the backseat.
They are the only two in the car.
Hey, just cancel that shit right
now! You're hurt. You're hurt really
fucking bad, but you ain't dying.
All this blood is scaring the shit
outta me. I'm gonna die, I know it.
Oh excuse me, I didn't realize you
had a degree in medicine. Are you a
doctor? Are you a doctor? Answer me
Ahhhh, so you admit you don't know
what you're talking about. So if
you're through giving me your amateur
opinion, lie back and listen to the
news. I'm taking you back to the
rendezvous, Joe's gonna get you a
doctor, the doctor's gonna fix you
up, and you're gonna be okay. Now
say it: You're gonna be okay. Say
Mr. Orange doesn't respond. Mr. White starts pounding on the
The CAMERA does a  around an empty warehouse. Then the
door swings open, and Mr. White carries the bloody body of
Mr. Orange still is MOANING loudly from his bullet hit.
Mr. White lays him down upon a mattress on the floor.
Just hold on buddy boy. Hold on, and
wait for Joe. I can't do anything
for you, but when Joe gets here,
which should be anytime now, he'll
be able to help you. We're just gonna
sit here, and wait for Joe. Who are
Bet your sweet ass we are.
Mr. White gets up from over Mr. Orange and starts to prowl
Mr White bends back over him and takes his hand.
I ain't going anywhere. I'm right
here. I'm not gonna leave ya.
Larry, I'm so scared, would you please
Mr. White very gently embraces the bloody Mr. Orange. Cradling
the young man, Mr. White whispers to him.
Go ahead and be scared, you've been
brave enough for one day. I want you
to just relax now. You're not gonna
die, you're gonna be fine. When Joe
gets here, he'll make ya a hundred
Mr. White lays Mr. Orange back down on the mattress. He's
still holding his hand. Mr. Orange looks up at his friend.
Look, I don't wanna be a fly in the
ointment, but if help doesn't come
soon, I gotta see a doctor. I don't
give a fuck about jail, I just don't
You're not gonna fucking die, all
I wasn't born yesterday. I'm hurt,
Hey, bless your heart for what you're
trying to do. I was panicking for a
moment, but I've got my senses back
now. The situation is, I'm shot in
I can' take you to a hospital.
Fuck jail! I don't give a shit about
jail. But I can't die. You don't
have to take me in. Just drive me up
to the front, drop me on the sidewalk.
I'll take care of myself. I won't
tell them anything. I swear to fucking
god, I won't tell 'em anything. Look
in my eyes, look right in my eyes.
Lie back down, and try to -
I'm going to die! I need a doctor!
I'm begging you, take me to a doctor.
Mr. Orange lays his head back on the mattress. Spent from
his outburst, he quietly mutters to himself:
Take me to a doctor, take me to a
Suddenly, the warehouse door BURSTS open and Mr. Pink steps
Was that a fucking set-up or what?
Mr. Pink sees Mr. Orange on the floor, shot and bloody.
Throughout this scene, we hear Mr. Orange moaning.
Oh that's just fucking great! Where's
Goddamn, goddamn! How did he die?
How the fuck do you think? The cops
Oh this is bad, this is so bad.
This is so fucked up. Somebody fucked
You really think we were set up?
You even doubt it? I don't think we
got set up, I know we got set up! I
all those cops come from, huh? One
minute they're not there, the next
minute they're there. I didn't hear
any sirens. The alarm went off, okay.
Okay, when an alarm goes off, you
got an average of four minutes
response time. Unless a patrol car
is cruising that street, at that
respond. In one minute there were
seventeen blue boys out there. All
loaded for bear, all knowing exactly
what the fuck they were doing, and
they were all just there! Remember
that second wave that showed up in
the cars? Those were the ones
responding to the alarm. But those
there, they were waiting for us.
I haven't had a chance to think.
First I was just trying to get the
fuck outta there. And after we got
away, I've just been dealin' with
Well, you better start thinking about
it. Cause I, sure as fuck, am thinking
about it. In fact, that's all I'm
thinking about. I came this close to
just driving off. Whoever set us up,
knows about this place. There could've
been cops sitting here waiting for
me. For all we know, there's cops,
driving fast, on their way here now.
Let's go in the other room...
The camera creeps along a wall, coming to a corner. We move
past it, and see down a hall.
At the end of the hall is a bathroom. The bathroom door is
partially closed, restricting our view. Mr. Pink is obscured,
but Mr. White is in view.
What the fuck am I doing here? I
felt funny about this job right off.
As soon as I felt it I should said
"No thank you", and walked. But I
never fucking listen. Every time I
ever got burned buying weed, I always
knew the guy wasn't right. I just
felt it. But I wanted to believe
him. If he's not lyin' to me, and it
really is Thai stick, then whoa baby.
But it's never Thai stick. And I
always said if I felt that way about
a job, I'd walk. And I did, and I
What's done is done, I need you cool.
Splash some water on your face. Take
We hear the sink running, and Mr. Pink splashing water on
I'm gonna get me my smokes.
Mr. White opens the bathroom door, walks down the hall, and
OUT OF FRAME. We see Mr. Pink, his back turned towards us,
bent over the sink. Then he grabs a towels, and dries his
face. Mr. White ENTERS FRAME with a pack of Chesterfields in
Okay, let's go through what happened.
going fine. Then the alarm gets
tripped. I turn around and all these
cops are outside. You're right, it
was like, bam! I blink my eyes are
The cops didn't show up after the
alarm went off. They didn't show
till after Mr. Blonde started shooting
As soon as I heard the alarm, I saw
I'm telling ya, it wasn't that soon.
They didn't let their presence be
known until after Mr. Blonde went
off. I'm not sayin' they weren't
there, I'm sayin' they were there.
But they didn't move in till Mr.
Blonde became a madman. That's how I
know we were set up. You can see
Look, enough of this "Mr White" shit -
Don't tell me your name, I don't
want to know! I sure as hell ain't
Shot my way out. Everybody was
shooting, so I just blasted my way
Mr. Pink is hauling ass down a busy city sidewalk. He has a
canvas bag with a shoulder strap in one hand, and a .
MAGNUM in the other. If any BYSTANDERS get in his way, he
just knocks them down. We DOLLY at the same speed, right
FOUR POLICEMEN are running after Mr. Pink. We DOLLY with
We DOLLY with a young woman on roller skates. ROLLERGIRL is
plugged into a walkman. We hear the song she's listening to
LOUD over the SOUNDTRACK. She's twirling and skating backwards
to the beat of the song.
Rollergirl turns a corner and COLLIDES with Mr. Pink. The
man and woman CRASH to the ground.
Mr. Pink rolls into the street, in front of a moving car
that SCREECHES to a stop, narrowly avoiding running over
The CAMERA is in the backseat. A SHOCKED WOMAN is the car's
driver. Mr. Pink pulls himself up from the hood, shakes it
off, and points his magnum at the driver.
Get outta the car! Get the fuck outta
Mr. Pink tries to open the driver's side door, but it's
Mr. Pink SMASHES it in our face.
DOLLY with Cops coming up fast.
Mr. Pink DRAGS the Shocked Woman out of the car.
The Cops reach the corner, guns aimed.
Using the car as a shield, Mr. Pink FIRES three shots at the
Everybody HITS the ground, or scatters.
Mr. Pink HOPS in the car.
CAMERA in the backseat, Mr. Pink FLOORS it. SPEEDING down
the street, with the Cops FIRING after him.
The young cop takes off running and firing after the getaway
car. It's no use. Mr. Pink leaves him in the dust.
Mr. Pink and Mr. White still talking in the bathroom.
Tagged a couple of cops. Did you
That was one of the most insane
fucking things I've ever seen. Why
the fuck would Joe hire somebody
I don't wanna kill anybody. But if I
gotta get out that door, and you're
standing in my way, one way of the
other, you're gettin' outta my way.
That's the way I look at it. A choice
between doin' ten years, and takin'
no choice at all. But I ain't no
madman either. What the fuck was Joe
thinkin'? You can't work with a guy
unstable. What do you think? Do you
think he panicked, or ya think he's
I think he's a sick fuckin' maniac!
We're awful goddamn lucky he didn't
tag us, when he shot up the place. I
to taking his ass out myself.
I don't care what your name is, you
can't help it. It's human nature.
But ya panic on the inside. Ya panic
in your head. Ya give yourself a
couple a seconds of panic, then you
get a grip and deal with the
situation. What you don't do, is
shoot up the place and kill everybody.
What you're supposed to do is act
You can't work with a psychopath,
'cause ya don't know what those sick
assholes are gonna do next. I mean,
Jesus Christ, how old do you think
that black girl was? Twenty, maybe
Did ya see what happened to anybody
Me and Mr. Orange jumped in the car
and Mr. Brown floored it. After that,
I don't know what went down.
At that point it became every man
for himself. As far as Mr. Blonde or
Mr. Blue are concerned, I ain't got
the foggiest. Once I got out, I never
What do I think? I think the cops
Not even a chance they punched
Yeah, and that was a fucking miracle.
But if they did get away, where the
You don't think it's possible, one
of them got a hold of the diamonds
How can you be so sure?
Where? Are they out in the car?
No, they're not in the car. No, I
don't have them on me. Ya wanna go
with me and get 'em? Yes, we can go
right now. But first listen to what
I'm telling you. We were fuckin' set
up! Somebody is in league with the
cops. We got a Judas in our midst.
And I'm thinkin' we should have our
That was the plan, we meet here.
Then where is everybody? I say the
plan became null and void once we
found out we got a rat in the house.
We ain't got the slightest fuckin'
idea what happened to Mr. Blonde or
Mr. Blue. They could both be dead or
'em, down at the station house right
now. Yeah they don't know the names,
but they can sing about this place.
I mean, that could be happening right
now. As we speak, the cops could be
in their cars, drivin' here this
I swear to god I'm fuckin' jinxed.
Two jobs back, it was a four man
job, we discovered one of the team
Thank god, we discovered in time. We
hadda forget the whole fuckin' thing.
So who's the rat this time? Mr. Blue?
Mr. Blonde? Joe? It's Joe's show, he
set this whole thing up. Maybe he
set it up to set it up.
I don't buy it. Me and Joe go back a
long time. I can tell ya straight
anything to do with this bullshit.
Oh, you and Joe go back a long time.
I known Joe since I was a kid. But
have done it is ridiculous. I can
say I definitely didn't do it, cause
I know what I did or didn't do. But
I can't definitely say that about
definitely know. For all I know,
For all I know, you're the rat.
Now you're using your head. For all
That kid in there is dying from a
fuckin' bullet that I saw him take.
So don't be calling him a rat.
a fuckin' rat. How many times do I
hafta say it before it sinks in your
The talking stops. The two men just stare at each other. Mr.
I gotta take a squirt, where's the
Go down the hall, turn left, up those
Mr. Pink exits frame, leaving Mr. White alone.
In the background we see what looks like an office set up.
Alabama? I haven't seen Alabama over
I thought you two were a team.
We were for a little while. Did about
four jobs together. Then decided to
call it quits. You push it long enough
that woman man thing gets in your
We now cut to see Joe behind his desk.
She hooked up with Fed McGar, they've
done a couple a jobs together. Good
Five-man job. Bustin' in and bustin'
Can you move the ice afterwards? I
don't know nobody who can move ice.
Not a problem, got guys waitin' for
it. But what happened to Marsellus
Spivey? Didn't he always move your
He's doin' twenty years in Susanville.
Bad luck. What's the exposure like?
Two minutes, tops. It's a tough two
business hours, dealing with a crowd.
But you'll have the guys to deal
They almost always just deal in boxes.
Rough uncut stones they get from the
syndicate. On a certain day this
They're like a way station. They are
gonna get picked up the next day and
We follow Mr. Pink, HANDHELD, back through the rooms and
hallways to the garage. We follow behind him up to Mr. White,
So, I don't know about you, but me -
I'm gonna split, check into a motel
and lay low for a few days.
As he gets closer he sees Mr. Orange is out. He runs over to
So, is he dead or what?
I think he's just passed out.
He scared the fuckin' shit outta me.
I thought he was dead fer sure.
Mr. White stands up and walks over to a table.
He will be dead fer sure, if we don't
We can't take him to a hospital.
won't live through the night. That
bullet in his belly is my fault. Now
while that might not mean jack shit
to you, it means a helluva lot to
me. And I'm not gonna just sit around
here's goofy. We gotta book up.
So what do you suggest, we go to a
hotel? We got a guy who's shot in
the belly, he can't walk, he bleeds
like a stuck pig, and when he's awake,
You gotta idea, spit it out.
Joe could help him. If we can get in
touch with Joe, Joe could get him to
a doctor, Joe could get a doctor to
During Mr. Pink's dialog, we slowly ZOOM in to a CLOSEUP of
Assuming we can trust Joe, how we
gonna get in touch with him? He's
supposed to be here, but he ain't,
which is making me nervous about
being here. Even if Joe is on the up
and up, he's probably not gonna be
that happy with us. Joe planned a
robbery, but he's got a blood bath
on his hands now. Dead cops, dead
Christ! I tend to doubt he's gonna
have a lot of sympathy for our plight.
If I was him, I'd try and put as
much distance between me and this
Before you got here, Mr. Orange was
askin' me to take him to a hospital.
Now I don't like turning him over to
the cops, but if we don't, he's dead.
He begged me to do it. I told him to
hold off till Joe got here.
Well Joe ain't gettin' here. We're
on our own. Now, I don't know a
goddamn body who can help him, so if
Well, I guess we drop him off at the
hospital. Since he don't know nothin'
about us, I say it's his decision.
Well, he knows a little about me.
You didn't tell him your name, did
I told him my first name, and where
There is a long silence and a blank look from Mr. Pink, then
I told him where I was from a few
days ago. It was just a casual
And what was tellin him your name
Mr. Pink looks at Mr. White like he's retarded.
We had just gotten away from the
cops. He just got shot. It was my
fuckin' fault he got shot. He's a
fuckin' bloody mess - he's screaming.
I swear to god, I thought we was
gonna die right then and there. I'm
tryin' to comfort him, telling him
not to worry, he's gonna be okay,
I'm gonna take care of him. And he
asked me what my name was. I mean,
the man was dyin' in my arms. What
the fuck was I supposed to tell him,
"Sorry, I can't give out that
I don't trust you enough."? Maybe I
Oh, I don't doubt is was quite
One question: Do they have a sheet
on you, where you told him you're
Well that's that, then. I mean, I
what your first name is,  where
specialty is. They ain't gonna hafta
show him a helluva lot of pictures
for him to pick you out. That's it
right, you didn't tell him anything
else that could narrow down the
If I have to tell you again to back
off, me an you are gonna go round
Mr. Pink walks out of the CLOSEUP and turns his back on Mr.
White. Mr. White's POV PANS over to him.
We ain't taking him to a hospital.
And I'm very sad about that. But
some fellas are lucky, and some ain't.
Mr. White's POV CHARGES toward Mr. Pink.
Mr. Pink turns toward him in time to get PUNCHED hard in the
Mr. White and Mr. Pink have a very ungraceful and realistic
fight. They go at each other like a couple of alley cats.
As Mr. White SWINGS and PUNCHES, he SCREAMS:
Mr. Pink YELLS as he HITS:
Ya wanna fuck with me?! I'll show
The two men end up on the floor KICKING and SCRATCHING. Mr.
White gets Mr. Pink in a HEADLOCK.
Mr. Pink reaches in his jacket for his gun, and pulls it
out. Mr. White sees this, immediately lets go of Mr. Pink,
and goes for his own weapon.
The two men are on the floor, on their knees, with their
guns outstretched, aiming at one another.
You wanna shoot me, you little piece
Fuck you, White! I didn't create
with it. You're acting like a first-
year fuckin' thief. I'm actin like a
professional. They get him, they can
get you, they get you, they get closer
to me, and that can't happen. And
at me like it's my fault. I didn't
tell him my name. I didn't tell him
where I was from. I didn't tell him
what I knew better than to tell him.
Fuck, fifteen minutes ago, you almost
told me your name. You, buddy, are
stuck in a situation you created. So
if you wanna throw bad looks
somewhere, throw 'em at a mirror.
Mr. Pink lowers his gun and walks towards White.
So if you wanna shoot somebody, put
that gun in your mouth and shoot
Then from OFF SCREEN we hear:
You kids don't play so rough.
The Voice belongs to the infamous Mr. Blonde.
Mr. Blonde sits on a counter, drinking a fast food coke and
Mr. Blonde! You okay? We thought you
Mr. Blonde doesn't answer, he just hops off the counter and
starts walking around the warehouse, checking the place out.
He doesn't look at either Mr. Pink or Mr. White, he just
eats his hot dog and sips his coke.
This is making Pink and White nervous as hell. But Mr. Pink
We HANDHOLD follow Mr. Blonde around the warehouse.
Really, how did you get away?
Mr. Blonde walks the loft. Silent.
You saw what happened to me, I found
We were hopin' you two would be
That was the big question we had,
what happened to Mr. Blue and you?
Blonde walks away from the window.
We were worried the cops got ya.
Blonde bends down over Mr. Orange.
He got it in the belly. He's still
alive, but won't be for long.
Enough! You better start talkin' to
us, asshole, cause we got shit we
need to talk about. We're already
freaked out, we need you actin freaky
like we need a fuckin' bag on our
Mr. Blonde looks at his two partners in crime, then moves
We think we got a rat in the house.
I guarantee we got a rat in the house.
What would ever make you think that?
Is that supposed to be funny?
We don't think this place is safe.
This place just ain't secure anymore.
We're leaving, and you should go
Silence takes over the room. Mr. Blonde stops moving.
After a few beats the silence is broken.
Piss on this turd, we're outta here.
Don't take another step, Mr. White.
Mr. White explodes, raising his gun and charging towards Mr.
Fuck you, maniac! It's your fuckin'
fault we're in so much trouble.
Mr. Blonde calmly sits down. He looks to Mr. Pink.
What's my problem? Yeah, I gotta
problem. I gotta big problem with
That fuckin' shooting spree in the
Fuck 'em, they set off the alarm,
You almost killed me, asshole! If I
had any idea what type of guy you
were, I never would've agreed to
You gonna bark all day, little doggie,
What was that? I'm sorry, I didn't
catch it. Would you repeat it?
I said: "Are you gonna bark all day,
dog, or are you gonna bite."
Both of you two assholes knock it
the fuck off and calm down!
So you wanna git bit, huh?
Cut the bullshit, we ain't on a
I don't believe this shit, both of
you got ten years on me, and I'm the
only one actin like a professional.
You guys act like a bunch of fuckin'
niggers. You ever work a job with a
bunch of niggers? They're just like
sayin' they're gonna kill one another.
You said yourself, you thought about
Then. That time has passed. Right
now, Mr. Blonde is the only one I
homicidal to be workin' with the
Fuck sides! What we need is a little
a red hot poker up our asses and we
gotta find out whose hand's on the
handle. Now I know I'm no piece of
And I'm pretty sure you're a good
And I'm fuckin positive you're on
the level. So let's figure out who's
Mr. White calms down and puts his gun away.
Mr. Blonde returns to the persona we saw at the beginning,
You're a big Lee Marvin fan, aren't
you? Me too. I don't know about the
rest of you fellas, but my heart's
Mr. Blonde hops out of his chair and heads for the door.
The other two men just follow him with their eyes.
Three cars are parked out front. Mr. Blonde is walking towards
the car he drove. Mr. White and Mr. Pink are walking behind.
The Camera is HANDHELD following behind them.
We still gotta get out of here.
We're gonna sit here and wait.
Nice Guy Eddie? What makes you think
Nice Guy's anywhere but on a plane
Cause I just talked to him. He's on
his way down here, and nobody's going
You talked to Nice Guy Eddie? Why
the fuck didn't you say that in the
Stay put. Okay, fellas, take a look
at the little surprise I brought
Mr. Blonde opens up the truck of his car. A handcuffed,
uniformed POLICEMAN is curled up inside the trunk.
Since we got to wait for Nice Guy
Eddie anyway, let's talk to our boy
in blue here and see if he knows
The three crooks share a frightening laugh. We slowly ZOOM
INTO a CLOSEUP of the cop.
We're inside the office of Joe Cabot. Joe's on the phone,
Sid, I'm tellin' you don't worry
about it. You had a bad couple of
embarrassing me. I don't need to be
told what I already know. When you
have bad months, you do what every
business man in the worlds does, I
don't care if he's Donald Trump or
Irving the tailor. Ya ride it out.
There's a KNOCK on Cabot's office door.
One of Cabot's goons, TEDDY, opens the door and steps inside.
Cabot covers the receiver with his hand and looks towards
Sid, a friend of mine's here. I gotta
He hangs up the phone, stands, and walks around to the front
Teddy opens the office door, and TOOTHPICK VIC VEGA walks
Toothpick Vic Vega is none other than our very own Mr. Blonde.
Vic is dressed in a long black leather seventies style jacket.
Joe stands in front of his desk with his arms open.
The two men embrace each other. Teddy leaves, closing the
Ain't that a sad truth. Remy Martin?
Joe goes over to his liquor cabinet. Vic sits in a chair set
Fuckin' asshole, won't let me leave
Never ceases to amaze me. Fuckin'
jungle bunny goes out there, slits
some old woman's throat for twenty-
five cents. Fuckin' nigger gets Doris
Day as a parole officer. But a good
fella like you gets stuck with a
Joe walks back around his desk and sits in his chair. Vic
I just want you to know, Joe, how
much I appreciate your care packages
What the hell did you expect me to
I just wanted you to know, they meant
It's the least I could do Vic. I
Vic. Toothpick Vic. Tell me a story?
Well, what I wanna do is go back to
work. But I got this Scagnetti prick
deep up my ass. He won't let me leave
the halfway house till I get some
piece of shit job. My plans have
always been to be part of the team
There's a KNOCK at the door.
The door opens and in walks Joe's son, Nice Guy Eddie. Vic
turns around in his seat and sees him.
I see ya sittin here, but I don't
Vic gets out of his seat and hugs Eddie.
I'm sorry man, I shoulda picked you
up personally at the pen. This whole
week's just been crazy. I've had my
head up my ass the entire time.
Funny you should mention it. That's
what your father and I been talkin'
That I should've picked you up?
No. That your head's been up your
ass. I walk through the door and Joe
says "Vic, you're back, thank god.
Finally somebody who knows what the
fuck he's doing. Vic, Vic, Vic, Eddie,
my son, is a fuck up." And I say
"Well, Joe, I coulda told you that."
"I'm ruined! He's ruining me! My
son, I love him, but he's taking my
business and flushing it down the
I'm not tellin' tales out of school.
You tell 'im Joe. Tell 'im yourself.
Eddie, I hate like hell for you to
hear it this way. But when Vic asked
me how's business, well, you don't
lie to a man who's just done four
years in the slammer for ya.
Eddie bobs his head up and down.
Oh really, is that a fact?
Eddie JUMPS Vic and they fall to the floor.
The two friends, laughing and cussing at each other, wrestle
on the floor of Joe's office.
Joe's on his feet yelling at them.
over! You wanna roll around on the
floor, do it in Eddie's office, not
The two men break it up. They are completely disheveled,
hair a mess, shirttails out. As they get themselves together,
they continue to taunt one another.
Guy got me on the ground, tried to
You tried to fuck me in my father's
office, you sick bastard. Look, Vic,
whatever you wanna do in the privacy
of your own home, go do it. But don't
try to fuck me. I don't think of you
that way. I mean, I like you a lot -
Eddie, if I was a pirate, I wouldn't
No, you'd keep me for yourself. Four
years fuckin' punks in the ass made
you appreciate prime rib when you
I might break you, Nice Guy, but I'd
make you my dog's bitch. You'd be
suckin' the dick and going down on a
Now ain't that a sad sight, daddy,
walks into jail a white man, walks
out talkin' like a nigger. It's all
that black semen been shootin' up
his butt. It's backed up into his
brain and comes out of his mouth.
Are you two finished? We were talkin'
about some serious shit when you
came in Eddie. We got a big problem
we're tryin' to solve. Now Eddie,
would you like to sit down and help
us solve it, or do you two wanna
Playtime is over and Vic and Eddie know it. So they both
take seats in front of Joe's desk.
Now Vic was tellin' me, he's got a
Scagnetti? Oh shit, I hear he's a
He is a motherfucker. He won't let
me leave the halfway house till I
get some piece of shit job.
You're coming back to work for us,
I wanna. But I gotta show this asshole
I got an honest-to-goodness job before
he'll let me move out on my own. I
can't work for you guys and be worried
about gettin' back before ten o'clock
We can work this out, can't we?
This isn't all that bad. We can give
you a lot of legitimate jobs. Put
you on the rotation at Long Beach as
You don't hafta lift shit. You don't
really work there. But as far as the
records are concerned, you do. I
call up Matthews, the foreman, tell
him he's got a new guy. You're on
the schedule. You got a timecard,
it's clocked in and out for you
everyday, and you get a pay check at
the end of the week. And ya know
dock workers don't do too bad. So
you can move into a halfway decent
the fuck." And if Scagnetti ever
wants to make a surprise visit, you're
gone that day. That day we sent you
to Tustin. We gotta bunch of shit
you needed to unload there. You're
at the Taft airstrip pickin' up a
bunch of shit and bringing it back.
Part of your job is goin' different
places - and we got places all over
Didn't I tell ya not to worry?
Me and you'll drive down to Long
to Matthews, tell him what's going
That's great, guy, thanks a bunch.
When do you think you'll need me for
Well, it's kinda a strange time right
Nuts. We got a big meeting in Vegas
coming up. And we're kinda just gettin
Let Nice Guy set you up at Long Beach.
Give ya some cash, get that Scagnetti
fuck off your back, and we'll be
Daddy, I got an idea. Now just hear
it out. I know you don't like to use
any of the boys on these jobs, but
technically, Vic ain't one of the
boys. He's been gone for four years.
He ain't on no one's list. Ya know
he can handle himself, ya know you
Vic has no idea what they're talking about.
How would you feel about pullin' a
heist with about five other guys?
Nice Guy Eddie is driving to the rendezvous talking on his
portable car phone. The sounds of the seventies are coming
out of his car radio in the form of "LOVE GOES WHERE MY
Hey Dov, we got a major situation
I know you know that. I gotta talk
with daddy and find out what he wants
The Cop is standing in the warehouse with his hands cuffed
behind his back. Mr. White, Mr. Pink and Mr. Blonde surround
him and proceed to beat the shit out of him. "LOVE GROWS..."
All I know is what Vic told me. He
said the place turned into a fuckin'
bullet festival. He took a cop as
hostage, just to get the fuck out of
The three men are stomping the cop into the ground.
Do I sound like I'm jokin'? He's
fuckin' driving around with the cop
I don't know who did that. I don't
know who has the loot, if anybody
has the loot. Who's dead, who's alive,
who's caught, who's not... I will
what do I tell these guys about daddy?
You sure that's what he said?
Okay, that's what I'll tell em.
Three cars belonging to the other guys are parked outside
Eddie drives his car up to the warehouse. He gets out of the
car, looks at the other cars parked outside.
Eddie makes a beeline for the front door, BANGS it open, and
The robbers have the cop tied to a chair and are still WAILING
Nice Guy Eddie walks in and everybody jumps.
What in Sam Hill is goin' on?
Mr. Pink and Mr. White speak together.
on? Where the fuck is Joe?
Holy shit, this guy's all fucked up!
No shit, he's gonna fuckin' die on
us if we don't get him taken care
We were set up, the cops were waiting
The cops were there waitin' for us!
Hey, fuck you man, you weren't there,
we were. And I'm tellin' ya, the
cops had that store staked out.
Okay, Mr. Detective, who did it?
What the fuck d'you think we've been
And what are your answers? Was it
me? You think I set you up?
I don't know, but somebody did.
Nobody did. You assholes turn the
jewelry store into a wild west show,
and you wonder why cops show up.
I ain't talked to him. I talked to
Dov. Dov said he's comin' out here,
I told ya he'd be pissed.
What are you gonna do about him?
Jesus Christ, give me a fuckin' chance
to breathe. I got a few questions of
A snake charmer, what the fuck d'you
think. I'll call a doctor, take care
of him, fix 'm right up. No, where's
Brown's dead, we don't know about
Nobody saw what happened to Mr. Blue?
Well, he's either dead or he's alive
or the cops got him or they don't.
DOLLY to MEDIUM on the cop.
I take it this is the bastard you
Why the hell are you beating on him?
So he'll tell us who the fuck set us
Would you stop it with that shit!
You beat on this prick enough, he'll
tell ya he started the Chicago fire.
That don't necessarily make it so.
where's the shit? Please tell me
I got a bag. I stashed it till I
could be sure this place wasn't a
Well, let's go get it. We also gotta
get rid of all those cars. It looks
like Sam's hot car lot outside.
You stay here and babysit Orange and
You two take a car each, I'll follow
ya. You ditch it, I'll pick you up,
then we'll pick up the stones. And
while I'm following you, I'll arrange
for some sort of a doctor for our
We can't leave these guys with him.
Mr. White crosses to Mr. Blonde.
Because this guy's a fucking psycho.
And if you think Joe's pissed at us,
that ain't nothing compared to how
pissed off I am at him, for puttin'
me in the same room as this bastard.
You see what I been puttin' up with?
As soon as I walk through the door
I'm hit with this shit. I tell 'm
what you told me about us stayin'
put and Mr. White whips out his gun,
sticks it in my face, and starts
gonna blow you away, blah, blah,
He's the reason the place turned
What are you, a silent partner?
He seems all right now, but he went
This is what he was doin'.
Mr. White acts out Mr. Blonde shooting everybody in the store.
I told 'em not to touch the alarm.
They touched it. I blew 'em full of
holes. If they hadn't done what I
told 'em not it, they'd still be
That's your excuse for going on a
What does it matter who stays with
the cop? We ain't lettin' him go.
Not after he's seen everybody. You
should've never took him outta your
We were trying to find out what he
There is no fuckin' set up!
Look, this is the news. Blondie, you
stay here and take care of them two.
White and Pink come with me, 'cuz if
Joe gets here and sees all those
fucking cars parked out front, he's
going to be as mad at me as he is at
Eddie, Mr. White and Mr. Pink walk out of the warehouse
Mr. Blonde closes the door after them. He then slowly turns
I told you I don't know anything
about any fucking set up. I've only
been on the force eight months, nobody
tells me anything! I don't know
anything! You can torture me if you
Thanks, don't mind if I do.
Your boss even said there wasn't a
First off, I don't have a boss. Are
I asked you a question. Are you clear
Now I'm not gonna bullshit you. I
don't really care about what you
know or don't know. I'm gonna torture
you for awhile regardless. Not to
a cop amuses me. There's nothing you
can say, I've heard it all before.
There's nothing you can do. Except
pray for a quick death, which you
He puts a piece of tape over the cop's mouth.
Mr. Blonde walks away from the cop.
Let's see what's on K-BILLY'S "super
Stealer's Wheel's hit "STUCK IN THE MIDDLE WITH YOU" PLAYS
NOTE: This entire sequence is timed to the music.
Mr. Blonde slowly walks toward the cop. He opens a razor.
Mr. Blonde just stares into the cop's / our face, holding
the razor, singing along with the song.
Then, like a cobra, he LASHES out.
The cop / camera moves around wildly.
Mr. Blonde just stares into the cop's / our face, singing
Then he reaches out and CUTS OFF the cop's / our ear.
The cop / camera moves around wildly.
Mr. Blonde holds the ear up to the cop / us to see.
We follow Mr. Blonde as he walks out of the warehouse... to
his car. He opens the trunk, pulls out a large can of
He walks back inside the warehouse...
Mr. Blonde POURS the gasoline all over the cop, who's BEGGING
Mr. Blonde just sings along with Stealer's Wheel.
Mr. Blonde LIGHTS up a match and, while mouthing:
"Clowns to the left of me, Jokers to
the right. Here I am, stuck in the
He moves the match up to the cop...
...when a bullet EXPLODES in Mr. Blonde's chest.
The HANDHELD camera WHIPS to the right and we see the bloody
We cut back and forth between Mr. Blonde taking BULLET HITS
and Mr. Orange emptying his weapon.
Mr. Orange crawls to where the cop is, leaving a bloody trail
When he reaches the cop's feet he looks up at him.
Listen to me, Marvin Nash. I'm a
Shit. I don't remember that at all.
The gun-shot Mr. Orange looks at the kid's GASHED face and
the hole in the side of his head where his ear used to be.
I don't know what to tell you Marvin.
Marvin, I need you to hold on. There's
What the fuck are they waiting for?
That motherfucker cut off my ear! He
And I'm dying. They don't know that.
All they know is they're not to make
a move until Joe Cabot shows up. I
was sent undercover to get Cabot.
You heard 'em, they said he's on his
way. Don't pussy out on me now,
Marvin. We're just gonna sit here
and bleed until Joe Cabot sticks his
A tough-looking black man named HOLDAWAY, who sports a Malcom
X beard, a green Chairman Mao cap with a red star on it, and
a military flack jacket, digs into a Denny bacon, cheese and
avocado burger. He sits in a booth all alone. He's waiting
for somebody. As he waits, he practically empties an entire
bottle of ketchup on his french fries, not by mistake either -
that's just how he likes it.
We see Mr. Orange, now known as FREDDY NEWENDYKE, wearing a
high school letterman jacket, enter the coffee shop, spot
Holdaway, and head his way. Holdaway sees Freddy bop towards
him with a wide-ass alligator grin plastered across his face.
CAMERA DOLLIES FAST down AISLE to MEDIUM SHOT of Holdaway.
Say "hello" to a motherfucker who's
inside. Cabot's doing a job and take
a big fat guess who he wants on the
This better not be some Freddy joke.
LOW ANGLE looking up at Freddy, who's standing at the table.
It ain't no joke, I'm in there. I'm
Holdaway just looks at his pupil for a moment, then smiles.
We see through the window of the restaurant Freddy slide
into the booth across from Holdaway. Freddy's doing a lot of
talking, but we can't hear what they're saying.
We are frozen on a MEDIUM CLOSEUP of Holdaway listening to
Freddy. We HEAR RESTAURANT NOISE and Freddy OFF SCREEN.
Nice Guy Eddie tells me Joe wants to
meet me. He says I should just hang
around my apartment and wait for a
phone call. Well after waiting three
goddamn days by the fuckin' phone,
he calls me last night and says Joe's
ready, and he'll pick me up in fifteen
The freeze frame ENDS. Holdaway comes suddenly up to speed
From here to end we cut back and forth.
Nice Guy. When we got to the bar...
The Boots and Socks in Gardena. When
we got there, I met Joe and a guy
named Mr. White. It's a phony name.
No, he ain't familiar. He ain't one
gotta be from outta town. But Joe
The way they talk to each other. You
Did the two of you talk?
Yeah. They had just won the night
before, and he made a killing off
Well, if this crook's a Brewers fan,
his ass has gotta be from Wisconsin.
And I'll bet you everything from a
know, that in Milwaukee they got a
sheet on this Mr. White motherfucker's
ass. I want you to go through the
mugs of guys from old Milwaukee with
a history of armed robbery, and put
Holdaway takes a big bite out of his burger.
What kinds questions did Cabot ask?
Where I was from, who I knew, how I
knew Nice Guy, had I done time, shit
Holdaway's talked enough, he's eating his burger now. He
He asked me if I ever done armed
robbery before. I read him my credits.
I robbed a few gas and sips, sold
some weed, told him recently I held
the shotgun while me and another guy
pulled down a poker game in Portland.
CAMERA MOVES from a MEDIUM on Freddy to a CLOSEUP.
Fuckin' A. I tell it real good, too.
Freddy and Holdaway at one of their many rendezvous. Holdaway
wears an extra large Lakers sweatshirt. Freddy sits on one
of the sinks, wearing his high school jacket, looking at
A undercover cop has got to be Marlon
Brando. To do this job you got to be
a great actor. You got to be
naturalistic as hell. If you ain't a
great actor you're a bad actor, and
bad acting is bullshit in this job.
It's a amusing anecdote about a drug
Something funny that happened to you
while you were doing a job.
I gotta memorize all this shit?
It's like a joke. You remember what's
important, and the rest you make
your own. The only way to make it
your own is to keep sayin' it, and
sayin' it, and sayin' it, and sayin'
The things you gotta remember are
the details. It's the details that
sell your story. Now this story takes
place in this men's room. So you
gotta know the details about this
men's room. You gotta know they got
a blower instead of a towel to dry
your hands. You gotta know the stalls
ain't got no doors. You gotta know
whether they got liquid or powdered
soap, whether they got hot water or
not, 'cause if you do your job when
you tell your story, everybody should
believe it. And if you tell your
taken a piss in this men's room, and
you get one detail they remember
Freddy paces back and forth, in and out of frame, rehearsing
the anecdote. He's reading it pretty good, but he's still
reading it from the page, and every once in a while he
...this was during the Los Angeles
marijuana drought of '. I still
had a connection. Which was insane,
'cause you couldn't get weed any
fuckin' where then. Anyway, I had a
connection with this hippie chick up
in Santa Cruz. All and my friends
knew it. And they'd give me a call
and say, "Hey, Freddy, you buyin'
some, you think you could buy me
some too?" They knew I smoked, so
they'd ask me to buy a little for
them when I was buyin'. But it got
to be every time I bought some weed,
I was buyin' for four or five
"Fuck this shit." I'm makin' this
bitch rich. She didn't have to do
jack shit, she never even had to
meet these people. I was fuckin'
doin' all the work. So I got together
with her and told her, "Hey, I'm
sick of this shit. I'm comin' through
through for me. So, either I'm gonna
tell all my friends to find their
own source, or you give me a bunch
of weed, I'll sell it to them, give
you the money, minus ten percent,
and I get my pot for free." So, I
Another empty frame, except obviously outside. Freddy enters
frame from the same direction he exited in the previous scene,
finishing his sentence. When we move to a wider shot we see
Freddy performing his monologue to Holdaway in a parking
lot. Holdaway sits on the hood of his beat-up car. Freddy
paces back and forth as he performs his story.
...but then that got to be a pain in
the ass. People called me on the
phone all the fuckin' time. I couldn't
rent a fuckin' tape without six phone
when's the next time you're gettin'
watch 'Lost Boys' - when I have some,
I'll let you know." And then these
rinky-dink pot heads come by - there's
my friends and everything, but still.
I got all my shit laid out in sixty
dollar bags. Well, they don't want
sixty dollars worth. They want ten
dollars worth. Breaking it up is a
major fuckin' pain in the ass. I
don't even know how much ten dollars
worth is. "Well, fuck, man, I don't
want that much around. If I have
that much around I'll smoke it."
"Hey, if you guys can't control your
smokin, that's not my problem. You
years, be a adult about it." Finally
I just told my connection, count me
out. But as it turns out, I'm the
best guy she had, and she depended a
lot on my business. But I was still
sick to death of it. And she's trying
to talk me into not quitin'. Now
this was a very weird situation,
'cause I don't know if you remember
back in ', there was a major fuckin'
were livin' on resin and smokin' the
wood in their pipes for months. And
this chick had a bunch, and was
beggin' me to sell it. So I told her
I wasn't gonna be Joe the Pot Man
anymore. But I would take a little
bit and sell it to my close, close,
close friends. She agreed to that,
and said we'd keep the same
and free pot for me, as long as I
helped her out that weekend. She had
a brick of weed she was sellin', and
she didn't want to go to the buy
Freddy, Joe, Nice Guy Eddie and Mr. White all sit around a
table in a red-lighted smokey bar. Freddy continues his story.
The crooks are enjoying the hell out of it.
her, but he's in county unexpectedly.
They stopped him for something, found
the warrants on 'im, took 'im to
jail. She doesn't want to walk around
alone with all that weed. Well, I
don't wanna do this, I have a bad
feeling about it, but she keeps askin'
me, keeps askin' me, finally I said
okay 'cause I'm sick of listening to
it. Well, we're picking this guy up
You're picking the buyer up at the
Yeah, the guy needed it right away.
Don't ask me why. So we get to the
train station, and we're waitin' for
the guy. Now I'm carrying the weed
in one of those carry-on bags, and I
gotta take a piss. So I tell the
connection I'll be right back, I'm
goin' to the little boys room...
He walks through the door with a carry-on bag over his
shoulder. Once he's inside, he stops in his tracks. We move
...So I walk into the men's room,
FREEZE FRAME on Freddy standing in front of six Los Angeles
County Sheriffs and one German Shepherd. All of their eyes
are on Freddy. Everyone is frozen.
No. They were just a bunch of cops
hangin' out in the men's room,
talkin'. When I walked through the
door they all stopped what they were
talking about and looked at me.
That's hard, man. That's a fuckin'
He's barkin' at me. I mean it's
We do a slow  around Freddy in the men's room. We can
Every nerve ending, all of my senses,
the blood in my veins, everything I
has was screaming, "Take off, man,
just take off, get the fuck outta
there! "Panic hit me like a bucket
of water. First there was the shock
of it - BAM, right in the face! Then
I'm just standin' there drenched in
panic. And all those sheriffs are
lookin' at me and they know. They
can smell it. As sure as that fuckin'
dog can, they can smell it on me.
Freeze frame shot of Freddy standing in front of the sheriffs.
It suddenly jerks to life, and moves to speed. The dog is
barking. Freddy moves to his right, out of frame. We stay on
the sheriffs. One sheriff yells at the dog.
couple of the sheriffs look over at Freddy off screen, but
So my gun's drawn, right? I got it
aimed right at him. I tell 'em,
the little idiot's lookin' at me,
nodding his head "Yes," sayin' "I
know... I know... I know." Meanwhile
his right hand is creepin' towards
his glove box. So I scream at him,
right now! " And he's still lookin'
right at me, saying "I know... I
know... I know." And his right hand's
still going for the glove box.
THE CAMERA PANS away from the sheriffs to Freddy, up against
the urinal, playing possum, pretending to piss.
I tell 'im, "Buddy, I'm gonna shoot
you in the face right now if you
don't put your hands on the fuckin'
dash." And the guy's girlfriend, a
screamin' at him, "Chuck, are you
out of your mind? Put your hands on
the dash like the officer said." And
then like nothing, the guy snaps out
of it and casually puts his hands on
Freddy finishes his playing possum piss, and walks past the
THE CAMERA PANS with him. A sheriff is sitting on a sink. He
looks down and watches Freddy wash his hands.
idea how close he came to gettin'
Freddy finishes washing his hands. He goes to dry them, but
there's only those hand drying machines. Freddy turns on the
drying machine. He can't hear anything the sheriffs say now.
The sound of the machine dominates the sound track.
These following shots are SLOW MOTION.
CLOSEUP - His HANDS, rubbing each other getting blown dry.
SHOT of Sheriffs talking. We can't hear them because of the
He barks. We can't hear him because of the machine. Machine
turns off. Freddy turns and walks out of the room.
That's how you do it, kid. You knew
how to handle that situation. You
shit your pants, and then you just
IN SLOW MOTION Joe lights a cigar.
He's a cool guy. A real nice, real
Do you remember "The Fantastic Four"?
It RINGS. Freddy answers it, we FOLLOW the receiver up to
It's time. Grab your jacket -
CLOSEUP - Nice Guy Eddie speaking into the car phone.
We hear the CLICK of Freddy hanging up through the phone.
Nice Guy places the receiver back in its cradle.
The CAMERA follows Freddy as he hops around the apartment
getting everything he needs. He puts on his jacket and slips
DOLLY fast toward the front door knob. Freddy's hand comes
into FRAME, grabs the knob, then lets go. We MOVE UP to his
Don't pussy out on me now. They don't
You're not gonna get hurt. You're
every word, cuz you're super cool.
He exits FRAME. We stay put and hear the door open and close
From inside an unmarked car across the street, the TWO COPS
watching Freddy see him walk out of his building and up to
I swear, a guy has to have rocks in
his head the size of Gibraltar to
Do you want one of these?
Freddy gets into the car and it pulls into traffic.
Nice Guy Eddie is behind the wheel. Mr. Pink is in the
passenger seat. Freddy and Mr. White are in the backseat
...Hey, I know what I'm talkin' about,
black women ain't the same as white
Go ahead and laugh, you know what I
mean. What a while bitch will put up
with, a black bitch won't put up
with for a minute. They got a line,
and if you cross it, they fuck you
I gotta go along with Mr. Pink on
Okay, Mr. Expert. If this is such a
truism, how come every nigger I know
treats his woman like a piece of
I'll make you a bet that those same
damn niggers who were showin' their
ass in public, when their bitches
get 'em home, they chill the fuck
Let me tell you guys a story. In one
of daddy's clubs there was this black
Yeah, Elois. E and Lois. We called
No. She was from Ladora Heights.
The black Beverly Hills. I knew this
"Hi, I'm from Ladora Heights, it's
It's not the black Beverly Hills,
it's the black Palos Verdes. Anyway,
this chick, Elois, was a man-eater-
upper. I bet every guy who's ever
met her has jacked off to her at
least once. You know who she looked
like? Christie Love. 'Member that TV
show "Get Christie Love"? She was a
black female cop. She always used to
I was in the sixth grade when that
show was on. I totally dug it. What
the fuck was the name of the chick
No, it wasn't Pam Grier, Pam Grier
was the other one. Pam Grier made
the movies. Christie Love was like a
Pam Grier TV show, without Pam Grier.
What the fuck was that chick's name?
Oh this is just great, I'm totally
Well, whoever she was, Elois looked
like her. So one night I walk into
the club, and no Elois. Now the
bartender was a wetback, he was a
friend of mine, his name was Carlos.
So I asked him "Hey, Carlos, where's
Lady E was married to this real piece
of dog shit. I mean a real animal.
And apparently he would so things to
Do things? What would he do? You
Nobody knows for sure what he did.
We just know he did something. Anyway,
Elois plays it real cool. And waits
for the next time this bag of shit
gets drunk. So one night the guy
gets drunk and passes out on the
couch. So while the guy's inebriated,
she strips him naked. Then she takes
some crazy glue and glues his dick
The car reacts to how horrible that would be.
I'm dead fuckin' serious. She put
some on his dick and some on his
belly, then stuck 'em together. The
paramedics had to come and cut it
You can do some crazy things with
I don't know what he did to her, but
How would you feel if you had to do
a handstand every time you took a
You guys like to tell jokes and giggle
and kid around, huh? Giggling like a
bunch of young broads in a school
yard. Well, let me tell a joke.
Five guys sitting in a bull pen, San
Quentin. Wondering how the fuck they
got there. What'd we wrong? What
should we've done? What didn't we
do? It's your fault, my fault, his
someone comes up with the idea, wait
a minute, while we were planning
this caper, all we did was sit around
and tell fuckin' jokes. Got the
message? When this caper's over, and
I'm sure it's gonna be a successful
one, hell, we'll go down to the
Hawaiian Island and I'll roar and
laugh with all of you. You'll find
me a different character down there.
Right now it's a matter of business.
With the exception of Eddie and
myself, who you already know, you'll
circumstances are you to tell one
another your real name or anything
where you're from, your wife's name,
where you might've done time, about
a bank in St. Petersburg you might've
robbed. You guys don't say shit about
who you are, where you been or what
you've done. Only thing you guys can
talk about is what you're going to
do. This way the only ones who know
who the members of the team are Eddie
and myself. And that's the way I
like it. Because in the unlikely
event of one of you getting
apprehended by the cops, not that I
expect that to happen - it most
definitely should not happen - it
anything to deal with. You don't
know any names. You know my name,
you know Eddie's name. That I don't
care about. You gotta prove it. I
ain't worried. Besides, this way you
gotta trust me. I like that. I set
this up and picked the men I wanted
for it. None of you came to me, I
approached all of you. I know you. I
know your work, I know your
reputation. I know you as men. Except
Joe points a finger at Freddy.
But he's OK. If he wasn't OK, he
wouldn't be here. Okay, let me
But once again, at the risk of being
redundant, if I even think I hear
...you won't want to be you. Okay,
Mr. Brown, Mr. White, Mr. Blonde,
Mr. Blue, Mr. Orange, and Mr. Pink.
Why can't we pick out our own colors?
I tried that once, it don't work.
You get four guys fighting over who's
gonna be Mr. Black. Since nobody
knows anybody else, nobody wants to
back down. So forget it, I pick. Be
Yeah, but Mr. Brown? That's too close
Yeah, Mr. Pink sounds like Mr. Pussy.
Tell you what, let me be Mr. Purple.
That sounds good to me, I'm Mr.
You're not Mr. Purple, somebody from
another job's Mr. Purple. You're Mr.
Who cares what your name is? Who
cares if you're Mr. Pink, Mr. Purple,
Oh that's really easy for you to
say, you're Mr. White. You gotta
cool-sounding name. So tell me, Mr.
White, if you think "Mr. Pink" is no
this ain't a goddamn fuckin' city
counsel meeting! Listen up Mr. Pink.
We got two ways here, my way or the
highway. And you can go down either
of 'em. So what's it gonna be, Mr.
it. This is beneath me. I'm Mr. Pink,
CAMERA leaves the team and goes to the blackboard with the
layout of the jewelry store on it.
I'll move on, when I feel like it.
All you guys got the goddamn message?
I'm so goddamn mad I can hardly talk.
We see MOS SHOTS of the outside of the jewelry store.
CUSTOMERS coming and going. STORE CLERKS waiting on customers
While we look at this we HEAR over the soundtrack Mr. White
Let's go over it. Where are you?
I stand outside and guard the door.
I don't let anybody come in or go
Mr. Brown stays in the car. He's
parked across the street till I give
him the signal, then he pulls up in
and employees in the display area.
Mr. White and Freddy sit in a car parked across the street
from the jewelry store, staking it out.
You two take the manager in the back
and make him give you the diamonds.
We're there for those stones, period.
Since no display cases are being
fucked with, no alarms should go
off. We're out of there in two
minutes, not one second longer. What
if the manager won't give up the
When you're dealing with a store
like this, they're insured up the
ass. They're not supposed to give
you get a customer or an employee
take the butt of your gun and smash
their nose in. Drops 'em right to
the floor. Everyone jumps, he falls
his nose. Freaks everybody out. Nobody
says fuckin' shit after that. You
might get some bitch talk shit to
ya. But give her a look, like you're
gonna smash her in the face next.
Watch her shut the fuck up. Now if
it's a manager, that's a different
story. The managers know better than
to fuck around. So if one's givin'
you static, he probably thinks he's
a real cowboy. So what you gotta do
is break that son-of-a-bitch in two.
If you wanna know something and he
won't tell you, cut off one of his
fingers. The little one. Then you
tell 'im his thumb's next. After
that he'll tell ya if he wears ladies
underwear. I'm hungry, let's get a
It's the moment of the robbery. The alley is empty.
In the distance we hear all hell breaking loose. Guns FIRING,
people SHOUTING and SCREAMING, sirens WAILING, glass
A car whips around the corner, into the alley.
The doors BURST open, Freddy and Mr. White hop out.
Freddy opens the driver's side door. A bloody SCREAMING Mr.
My eyes! My eyes! I'm blind, I'm
You're not blind, there's just blood
Mr. White loads his two . automatics. He RUNS to the end
of the alley just as a police car comes into SIGHT.
FIRING both .'s, Mr. White massacres everyone in the patrol
Freddy, holding the dying Mr. Brown, looks on at Mr. White's
Mr. Brown lifts his head up, blood in his eyes.
Mr. Orange? You're Mr. Orange, aren't
By the time Freddy turns his head back to him, Mr. Brown is
Mr. White RUNS up to Freddy.
Mr. White GRABS Freddy by the coat and YANKS him along as he
They EXIT the alley and FLEE down a street.
A car with a FEMALE DRIVER comes up on the two men.
Mr. White JUMPS in her path, stopping the car. He points his
Mr. White climbs into the backseat.
The Female driver comes up with a gun from under her seat.
She SHOOTS Freddy in the stomach.
On instinct Freddy brings up his gun and SHOOTS her in the
As he FALLS to the ground he realizes what's happened to him
and what he's done. SLOW MOTION.
Mr. White DRAGS the dead female driver out of the car. He
SHOVES Freddy in the backseat and DRIVES away.
Freddy holding his stomach and doubled over in pain is CRYING.
We replay the scene between Freddy and Mr. White in the
getaway car. Except this time, we never leave Freddy.
I'm sorry. I can't believe she killed
MEDIUM SHOT on the door. Nice Guy Eddie, Mr. White and Mr.
Pink walk through it. They stop in their tracks.
We see what they see. Mr. Blonde, lying on the ground, shot
full of holes. The cop slumped over in his chair, a bloody
mess, Mr. Orange lying at the cop's feet, holding his wound.
Eddie, Mr. White and Mr. Pink walk into the shot.
Eddie runs over to his friend Mr. Blonde / Toothpick Vic.
Blonde went crazy. He slashed the
cop's face, cut off his ear and was
Who cares what he was gonna do to
Eddie whips out his gun and SHOOTS the cop. The cop and the
chair tip over. Eddie stands over him and SHOOTS him once
You were saying he went crazy?
Something like that? Worse or better?
Look, Eddie, he was pullin' a burn.
He was gonna kill the cop and me.
And when you guys walked through the
door, he was gonna blow you to hell
and make off with the diamonds.
Uhuh, uhuh, what's I tell ya? That
sick piece of shit was a stone cold
You could've asked the cop, if you
didn't just kill him. He talked about
what he was going to do when he was
I don't buy it. It doesn't make sense.
It makes perfect fuckin' sense to
me. Eddie, you didn't see how he
acted during the job, we did.
Mr. Pink walks over to the cop's body.
He's right about the ear, it's hacked
Let me say this out loud, just to
get it straight in my mind. According
to you, Mr. Blonde was gonna kill
you. Then when we came back, kill
us, grab the diamonds, and scram.
That's your story? I'm correct about
Eddie, you can believe me or not
believe me, but it's the truth. I
swear on my mother's eternal soul
The CAMERA moves into a CLOSEUP of Nice Guy Eddie.
There's a long pause while he rolls over what Mr. Orange has
The man you killed was just released
from prison. He got caught at a
company warehouse full of hot items.
He could've walked away. All he had
to do was say my dad's name. But
instead he shut his mouth and did
his time. He did four years for us,
and he did 'em like a man. And we
were very grateful. So, Mr. Orange,
you're tellin' me this very good
friend of mine, who did four years
for my father, who in four years
never made a deal, no matter what
they dangled in front of him, you're
telling me that now, that now this
man is free, and we're making good
on our commitment to him, he's just
gonna decide, right out of the fuckin'
Mr. Orange, why don't you tell me
Why? It'll just be more bullshit.
Eddie steps out of his CLOSEUP and we see Joe Cabot standing
in the warehouse doorway. He walks into the room.
CAMERA does a  around the men.
Daddy, I'm sorry, I don't know what's
What the fuck are you talking about?
That piece of shit. Workin' with the
I said this lump of shit is workin'
Looking up from the floor at everybody.
Joe looks down at Mr. Orange.
I don't have the slightest fuckin'
Joe, I don't know what you think you
Joe, trust me on this, you've made a
mistake. He's a good kid. I understand
But you're barking up the wrong tree.
I know this man, and he wouldn't do
You don't know jack shit. I do. This
rotten bastard tipped off the cops
and got Mr. Brown and Mr. Blue killed.
How do you know all this?
He was the only one I wasn't a hundred
percent on. I should have my fucking
head examined for goin' forward when
I wasn't a hundred percent. But he
seemed like a good kid, and I was
impatient and greedy and all the
You don't need proof when you got
instinct. I ignored it before, but
He WHIPS out a revolver and aims it at Mr. Orange.
Mr. White brings his . up at Joe.
Eddie and Mr. Pink are shook awake by the flash of firearms.
Eddie raises his gun, pointing it at Mr. White.
Have you lost your fucking mind? Put
Mr. Pink fades into the b.g., wanting no part of this.
Joe, you're making a terrible mistake
Stop pointing your fuckin' gun at
Joe, never taking his eyes off Mr. Orange.
Don't worry, Eddie. Me and Larry
have been friends a long time, he
ain't gonna shoot. We like each other
Joe, if you kill that man, you die
next. Repeat, if you kill that man,
We get many different angles of the Mexican standoff.
Mr. Orange holding his belly, looking from left to right.
Joe pointing down on Mr. Orange. Not taking his eyes off
Mr. White pointing at Joe, looking like he's ready to start
Eddie scared shitless for his father, gun locked on Mr. White.
Mr. Pink walking backwards away from the action.
FOUR SHOT of guys ready for violence. Mr. Pink in the
C'mon, guys, nobody wants this. We're
Joe raises his head to Mr. White.
Goddamn you, Joe, don't make me do
Larry, I'm askin' you to trust me on
Joe's eyes go back to Mr. Orange.
Joe FIRES three times, HITTING Mr. Orange with every one.
Mr. White SHOOTS Joe twice in the face. Joe brings his hands
up to his face, screaming, and falls to the ground.
Eddie FIRES at Mr. White, HITTING him three times in the
Mr. White brings his gun around on Eddie and SHOOTS him.
The two men FALL to their knees, FIRING at each other.
Mr. Orange lies perfectly still, except for his chest heaving.
The only SOUND we hear is his loud breathing.
Mr. White is SHOT full of holes, but still on his knees, not
Mr. Pink is standing motionless. Finally he grabs the satchel
of diamonds and RUNS out the door.
We now hear SIRENS, the SOUNDS of more CARS DRIVING UP, MEN
While all this noise is going on, Mr. White tries to stand
but FALLS DOWN. He somehow makes it to where Mr. Orange lies.
He lifts Mr. Orange's head, cradling it in his lap and
Sorry, kid. Looks like we're gonna
Mr. Orange looks up at him and, with even more of an effort:
Mr. White doesn't say anything, he keeps stroking Orange's
Mr. White lifts his . and places the barrel between Mr.
The CAMERA MOVES into an EXTREME CLOSEUP of Mr. White.
The SOUNDS of outside STORM inside. We don't see anything,
but we HEAR a bunch of shotguns COCKING.
Mr. White looks up at them, smiles, PULLS the trigger.
We hear a BURST of SHOTGUN FIRE.
Mr. White is BLOWN out of frame, leaving it empty.
